substitutions
	"SP-0" `Fortunately, the spaceport and residential areas survived the bombing, which was focused only on the Navy Yard and happened early in the morning, when very few people were at work.`
	"SP-1" `The Navy officers who are in charge here have no time for anyone who is not enlisted in the Navy and participating in the ongoing investigation.`
	"SP-2" `Instead of the immaculate spaceport that Martini once sported, this temporary spaceport consists of randomly-scattered makeshift landing areas, in order to support the large number of Navy and civilian ships assisting with the rescue and evacuation operation.`
	"SP-3" `The spaceport of Zug has been growing by amalgamation for centuries. At its core is the "Old Port," a set of quaint and rudimentary shops and warehouses. The landing pads for the Old Port were torn up to make room for what the locals call "The Port," a set of buildings that were constructed a century ago, with bolder architecture and more modern design.`
	"SP-4" `	Some distance away is the "New Port," a towering structure with robotic cargo lifts and large hangars for more expensive ships. Meanwhile, an expansion to the New Port is currently ongoing. You can't help but wonder what the new expansion will be named.`
	"SP-5" `	Some distance away is the "New Port," a towering structure with robotic cargo lifts and large hangars for more expensive ships. It was recently expanded to handle the increased activity demanded by the Free Worlds, making Zug the chief ship foundry of the galactic south. It's not surprising to learn that the addition to the New Port has quickly been dubbed "The Expansion."`
	"SP-6" `The spaceport is built on a large island, a now-extinct volcano with an elevation of several kilometers at its center. Most of the large-scale fishing here is done by a single company, Poseidon Industries, which also built and maintains the spaceport. Steep winding roads and sturdy concrete homes and warehouses line the mountain slopes, and below you in the harbor several massive trawling vessels are moored. On the outskirts of the spaceport are the ramshackle houses and open-air marketplace used by the smaller, independent fishing families.`
	"SP-7" `	There are hundreds of Navy officers patrolling this small spaceport, looking for any signs of local resistance.`
	"SP-8" `It is a strange but indisputable fact that anarchists smell worse than ordinary human beings. In this day and age, where even the cheapest shuttlecraft at least has a sonic shower, there is no logical explanation for it, except that anarchist tendencies must somehow go hand in hand with a tendency to reject society's norms around hygiene. Here in a space station, with nothing but recycled air to breathe, the effect is overpowering.`
	"SP-9" `You have heard enough about this port's reputation that you are not surprised to see the remnants of slave markets, now empty as a result of the Free Worlds occupation. The normally shady establishments are now filled with militia and the occasional merchant captain looking to explore the planet while it's still in Free Worlds hands.`
	"SP-10" `	Despite the Free Worlds presence, dark alleyways are still to be avoided. Down one alley you see an abandoned shop called "Mike's Mustelids," now overrun by weasels, ferrets, and wolverines that were once caged there.`
	"SP-11" `You have heard enough about this port's reputation that you are not surprised to see the remnants of slave markets, now empty as a result of the Free Worlds occupation. The spaceport's shady establishments are beginning to return to their normal clientele and services.`
	"SP-12" `	With the Free Worlds now gone, dark alleyways are absolutely to be avoided. Down one alley you see a shop called "Mike's Mustelids," the inside like a jungle. You hear the howls and yells of various exotic animals coming from inside, and the alleyway is home to a number of presumably-escaped weasels, ferrets, and wolverines running about.`
	"SP-13" `You have heard enough about this port's reputation that you are not surprised to see the slave markets, heavily guarded in case any visitors happen to find themselves in possession of a conscience. Nor are you shocked by the shady establishments catering to all manner of prurient interests. This is, after all, a pirate port, and everything is for sale here.`
	"SP-14" `	Everything, in fact, including the very bizarre. You find one dark alley that has been completely fenced off from the rest of the spaceport, the howls of animals coming from behind the barrier. Beside the alley you see a sign for a shop called "Mike's Mustelids," promising the sale of "exotic animals from within Greenrock's urban spaceport jungle."`
	"SP-15" `	Positioned north of the spaceport is the Free Worlds War Memorial, a series of granite walls engraved with the names of the fallen. The nine completed walls are already filled on both sides; it seems unlikely the other fourteen walls will last the war.`
	"SP-16" `	Positioned north of the spaceport is the Free Worlds War Memorial, a series of granite walls engraved with the names of the fallen. The site has progressed from its original scale, with an outer ring being erected to hold fifty additional walls of names.`
	"SP-17" `The starport is a hodgepodge of small metal structures, built from the remains of Navy and pirate ships that fought for control of this world. The locals here welcome you to their planet heartily.`
	"SP-18" `	The tavern in the center of the port is named The Parting Glass. Its walls are covered in photographs from after the war, all taken here on Poisonwood: freed slaves boarding Navy ships to leave the planet that brought them so much pain; Navy officers disembarking to retire on the world that they liberated; friends gone away; friends left behind. There are newer pictures, too: a Cruiser and two Falcons, side by side; armored troops walking away from a factory; a familiar captain talking to a man you know as Commander Nguyen. It is a strange feeling to be shown among heroes of a history that you've had only the smallest effect on.`
	"SP-19" `The starport is a hodgepodge of small metal structures, built from the remains of Navy and pirate ships that fought for control of this world. The locals are unusually courteous and friendly to most of the captains landing here, but not to you.`
	"SP-20" `	The tavern in the center of the port is named The Parting Glass. As you enter the building, you notice the tavern gradually become quieter and quieter, until all that you can hear is the rattling of the air conditioner and the clinking of glasses. At the same time, you feel the heat of several dozen eyes looking directly at you. You decide it best to leave before things escalate further.`
	"SP-21" `The new spaceport is impressively well designed, with seawalls and landing pads of crisp, newly-set concrete, still unmarked by weather or mildew. It is also several times larger than necessary for the number of people and ships that are here, and aside from a lively market, it feels strangely empty.`
	"SP-22" `	Some things remain unchanged from back in the pirate days. The local slang incorporates threats of extreme violence as a seemingly meaningless verbal tic. "Hey, I'm gonna cut off your fingers one by one until you buy a meat patty!" a vendor calls out cheerfully as you pass. "First one's free, and I'll tie a knot in your spine if you don't like it."`
	"SP-23" `	Positioned north of the spaceport is the Free Worlds War Memorial, a series of granite walls engraved with the names of the fallen. Two additional rings of walls have been constructed around both the first twenty-three walls and the fifty walls of the old outer ring.`
	"SP-24" `Like everything else on Geminus, the spaceport is not terribly pretty, but is functional and efficient. Each of the wide hallways is marked out like a road, with space in the center for electric carts carrying cargo, while pedestrians are relegated to the edges. Video cameras and sensors have been placed at every intersection, and access to the shipbuilding facilities is tightly controlled.`
	"SP-25" `	The hub of the spaceport is a food court with a ring of shops in the center and seating on the outside, where you can look out of plate glass windows at the lava fields and caldera outside. By night, you can see the volcanic glow all around the horizon.`
	"SP-26" `Currently, the newly-designated planetary spaceport does not possess the infrastructure to act as Martini's main spaceport. The expansive temporary spaceport from the relief operation is still being used, and since then, permanent landing pads have been built, but there are now plans to demolish it and give the new planetary spaceport a desperately needed expansion.`
	"SP-27" `	Martini's old spaceport still remains, as it was located just outside the blast zone and its deflector shields bore the brunt of the shockwave, but its towers partially collapsed in the days following the devastation. It now appears from a distance to be a few unevenly-levelled black spires rising before a backdrop of the smoke and remnants of a ruined city, no longer gleaming as it once did.`
	"SP-28" `The landing pads here are poured concrete, raised up slightly above the level of the desert to keep them from being buried in sand. A few workers are constantly driving brush sweepers across the unoccupied pads. The air is filled with sand particles and dust. Aside from the storage sheds, there are only two buildings, each with a large sign out front: "Labor" and "Trade."`
	"SP-29" `	For once, the spaceport is lively during Remembrance Day. It appears that more and more people are choosing to invite their family over to Rand to commemorate the day instead of traveling to another planet.`
	"SP-30" `The spaceport village consists of several large domes, which keep out the wind and driving snow; ships enter and exit the largest of the domes through a hatch that closes as soon as they have come through. Before the planet was terraformed, enough snow would pile up on top of one of the domes every decade or so that it became a danger of collapsing under its own weight; the locals would simply move out of that dome and build another one higher up on the snowpack, but the changing climate has reduced the amount of snow enough that the locals may never need to build another dome again.`
	"SP-31" `	For Remembrance Day, several stalls have been set up to showcase items of clothing made with the planet's synthetic fabrics. A new addition to the event is a group of stalls dedicated to presenting clothing tailored here on Tundra.`
	"SP-32" `Unexpectedly small for a planet of this importance, the spaceport on Aava-Aasa-Khora is composed of a number of small buildings made out of surprisingly flexible materials. While the sensation of the landing pad bowing under your ship's weight is unsettling, to say the least, it shows no signs of damage or structural fatigue.`
	"SP-33" `	The inside of the spaceport is very similar, with soft, rounded shapes, and flexible building materials. The floor seems to sink a little as you step on it, almost like it is actually a viscous liquid rather than a solid material.`
	"SP-34" `The day-night cycle here is at least three times as long as any of the Coalition's species are habituated to, so the entire city enters a "false nighttime" in the middle of the day, shuttering all the windows so that the locals can rest and reset their biological clocks. And in the middle of the night, the city is brightly lit for a "false day."`
	"SP-35" `	The local work schedule has adapted to this unusual cycle, with the two true daytime periods serving the equivalent of the human work week, and the false daytime treated as a weekend, a time for socializing or working at home.`
	"SP-36" `The spaceport is built into the walls of a canyon which has been blasted out to create trenches that are hundreds of meters wide and deep, a network of flight lanes that are well marked out with lights and beacons.`
	"SP-37" `	Behind the docking caves is a bustling subterranean city where bare rock and gleaming metal have been woven together in an architecture that is both functional and elegant. The lighting in the caverns varies over the course of the day to match the sunlight outside.`
	"SP-38" `A constant line of cargo barges and trucks streams through this spaceport city, collecting goods to be distributed to the outlying suburbs and neighboring cities. Inside the main terminal, members of all three Coalition species mix freely, but the Heliarch agents and interpreters here are all Arach.`
	"SP-39" `	Carts carrying passengers and cargo whiz past at frightening speeds, expertly navigating to dodge the pedestrians.`
	"SP-40" `You are glad you put on a warm coat before leaving your ship. The wind blows in strong gusts down the streets of this small spaceport town. You pass by ranchers herding cattle, a few farmers driving old, rusted-out trucks full of produce, and a couple of shady figures huddled in an alleyway negotiating what looks like a drug deal. In the center of town is a small merchant's exchange and a couple of greasy spoon diners.`
	"SP-41" `	The sign over the spaceport bar reads, "No Gods, No Masters." Below it in slightly smaller writing is another sign which reads, "No Cybernetic Implants. No Badgers, Weasels, Or Polecats." You have no idea what a "polecat" is.`
	"SP-42" `The station's cavernous visitor center is by far the quietest spaceport you have ever been in. Many people are bustling back and forth, wheeling carts of old books or carrying data pads, but they are entirely silent except for the occasional startled outburst when a scholar, walking deep in thought or immersed in reading, accidentally collides with someone.`
	"SP-43" `	From here, passageways lead off into the wings of the library in a veritable labyrinth of hallways, stairs, and library stacks. A few particularly heavy doors require key cards to enter, and others have no opening controls of any sort that you can see.`
	"SP-44" `	Various pieces of media pertaining to the Alpha Wars are front and center on the display racks in the library.`
	"SP-45" `The spaceport is in the middle of a field of oil derricks so vast that from above, the desert seemed to be covered in spiky gray fur. The spaceport itself is a soaring canopy, made to look like a tent, or sails on a ship. But it is built of a sturdy composite of plastic and carbon fiber, and coated in reflective plastic. Inside, hovercraft and massive sand-crawlers are bringing cargo to and from the refineries and factories scattered across the planet's surface.`
	"SP-46" `In the spaceport, a handful of human merchants and colonists wander about amid throngs of Hai - vaguely squirrel-like aliens who are somewhat shorter than the average human being, but make up for it with an abundance of energy. You feel a little bit like an adult wading through a sea of hyperactive children as you try to locate the commodity exchange and the other services offered here.`
	"SP-47" `	Despite the distance from Republic space, some humans have set up decorations in celebration of Remembrance Day. A handful of the more curious Hai mingle with the humans, asking them what the fuss is all about.`
	"SP-48" `If this section of the ring is any indication, there must be trillions of Quarg here. Since the construction work on the ring has long since ended, many of them seem to spend their time with creative or scientific endeavors instead. The spaceport is decorated with artwork of every imaginable kind: sculptures, mobiles, paintings, music, and even one hallway that cycles through various artificial odors, some of them intensely unpleasant to your human senses.`
	"SP-49" `Alvorada's spaceport was built into one of the larger craters. Everything about the installation here is as fortified as possible - various hangars for even heavy warships are dug into the walls. From the ground, you can see where artillery pieces were stationed, obscured from above but with clear firing lines at incoming vessels. Now that you've seen them, you can think of hundreds of places across the asteroid where similar emplacements could have been hidden.`
	"SP-50" `Thanks to its abundant solar energy, the cost of powering the laser launch array that served Amathil was quite low, and glittering fields of solar panels surround the entire site. The spaceport itself is spartan, with Amathil not receiving much traffic on a daily basis even before the Incursion. Amathil's primary export was people, with many choosing to leave the isolated planet in favor of moving to one of the more cosmopolitan worlds elsewhere.`
	"SP-51" `The Amazon spaceport is unique, built on top of tall pillars more than fifty meters above the ground, directly above the forest canopy. The landing pads, buildings, and catwalks between them are laid out in a random branching pattern, forming a shape that from above looks almost organic. Directly over the railings, you can see brightly colored birds circling beneath your feet.`
	"SP-52" `The main spaceport of Angko is in a precarious situation: established ages ago on a coastline, the oceans of the planet have risen significantly enough that the entire region would be submerged in water were it not for the massive sea walls that enclose the city. Even with the flooding of the city being a constant concern should the sea walls fail, the Bunrodeans have determined that it's still easier to keep maintaining the main spaceport rather than move it to high ground.`
	"SP-53" `The spaceport consists of a single enormous warehouse. The air inside is cold, but you are glad to get out of the howling wind. In one corner is a counter advertising skiing adventures, but no one is staffing it; they must be out to lunch or taking the day off.`
	"SP-54" `	As with many of these small spaceports, it seems that the only option for food is a pub, but the smells coming from it are enticing; for once, you may have found a spaceport bar whose chef actually knows how to cook.`
	"SP-55" `The spaceport consists mostly of a wide, open field paved in asphalt, the cheapest material available here. The pavement shimmers with heat, and is pockmarked with divots where ships' landing gear has sunk several centimeters in to the surface.`
	"SP-56" `	At the center of the pavement is a small cluster of refrigerated sheds and stacks of crates carrying various goods for trade; a few armed guards patrol around them to prevent theft. A food truck is parked nearby, serving burgers and tacos to the port workers and to the crews of the few starships that are parked here at the moment.`
	"SP-57" `	Despite the climate, a small procession of security guards and port workers is gathered in the spaceport to celebrate Remembrance Day.`
	"SP-58" `Araio's spaceport was small but well run, capable of efficiently moving small volume goods on and off the world via a paired laser launch array and skyhook. The laser array was however razed from orbit by the Aberrant shortly after the fall of Anax, and the skyhook cut to pieces.`
	"SP-59" `	Though imports of advanced technology from other worlds, which the planet lacks the development to manufacture itself, were cut off with the Incursion, the planet is self-sufficient enough to get by for the foreseeable future - even if it means a slight regression in technology.`
	"SP-60" `A few Quarg greet you with astonished expressions, but kindly assist you in anything you have trouble with due to the spaceport being designed for them. They communicate mostly in gestures and facial expressions, although they are sometimes hard to decipher. It seems they aren't used to outside visitors here and don't speak your language.`
	"SP-61" `As with many of the worlds here in the Deep, walking around this spaceport feels like making a visit to the future. Everything is immaculately clean. The port is a single building reminiscent of a sand castle or termite mound: a jumble of spires, each a slightly different shape, all piled on top of each other. Docking bays open on various sides of the spires in a haphazard arrangement. It feels like this building is an organic thing, rather than the work of human hands.`
	"SP-62" `	The locals hurry by, seemingly oblivious to your presence; the only people who meet your gaze are your fellow wide-eyed visitors.`
	"SP-63" `Only a handful of towers, most of them windowless, protrude above the planet's surface at the center of the spaceport settlement. The hangars and warehouses are all underground. The surface is visible through a few thick acrylic polymer windows on the lower levels of the towers. Lit by the glow of the gas giant that this moon orbits, the towers form a surreal landscape, like a city abandoned and only halfway formed.`
	"SP-64" `The spaceport on Aspiration is a spaceport in the same way that an airport at a regional town is an airport. It has the most minimal facilities to handle a ship landing without disturbance to the nearby town, and that is it. There are no shops or stalls. Aspiration is not on any trade routes and it does not expect visitors. A lone freighter is parked permanently on the outskirts.`
	"SP-65" `The oldest buildings in the Remnant capital city harken back to classic human architecture, with stone facades and columns reminiscent of ancient Rome. But as you walk outward toward the more recent additions, the buildings become less and less recognizably human, with curved organic shapes and hundreds of overhanging walkways and balconies. It is as if the layers left behind by centuries of habitation are a frozen record of the slow transition of Remnant culture into something bizarre and almost alien.`
	"SP-66" `With the Avgi never developing the gravity repulsor independently, the largest spaceports once boasted arrays of launch lasers and dedicated skyhooks capable of lifting cargo en masse to orbit. The flurry of vessels taking off from these points drew the attention of the Aberrant, who targeted them during their attack on Aviskir's orbital infrastructure.`
	"SP-67" `Given the uninhabitability of the hot side of the planet, the spaceport and other major infrastructure is just as mobile as the mining stations. The spaceport is located close to the planet's terminator, cast in a perpetual twilight. Whenever the stars threaten to rise over the horizon, each building activates repulsor-lifts located under their foundations, causing the entire spaceport to rise above the ground and move in unison several kilometers away from the terminator, ensuring that the spaceport remains relatively habitable.`
	"SP-68" `The central concourse of the spaceport is reminiscent of a major stock exchange on a human world, with video screens everywhere displaying constantly fluctuating line graphs and lists of numbers and symbols. The only difference is that the graphs run top to bottom, rather than left to right.`
	"SP-69" `	Every once in a while, one of the Arachi will cause a minor pedestrian traffic jam by abruptly stopping to look at one of the displays.`
	"SP-70" `The central spaceport terminal is a large chamber with a hushed atmosphere reminiscent of a library's reading room. In small nooks along the periphery, small groups are engaged in quiet conversation. Most cargo is carried by robotic carts, wheeling around on a floor so smooth that the only time they make noise is when they politely speak up to warn people to get out of their way.`
	"SP-71" `	Occasionally a group of cadets wearing yellow baldrics marches through, stepping as lightly as they can to avoid disturbing the quiet.`
	"SP-72" `The landing pads here are being gradually consumed by the local plant life. In most places grass and ivy has crept out to cover at least a meter of the pad on all sides, and every small crack or crevice has been colonized by moss and by the roots of larger plants.`
	"SP-73" `	In places the forest has been cleared to make roads leading to the nearby farming villages, but in most directions all you see is green. It is a beautiful sight, and oddly peaceful, but you know what a nuisance these plants are to the locals.`
	"SP-74" `	A large number of locals have congregated around a memorial in the spaceport in order to commemorate Remembrance Day. The plaque and the surrounding path have been scoured clean of the native flora.`
	"SP-75" `The spaceport is within sight of the capital city, Rainbridge, but far enough away that the sound of ships taking off and landing will not be too disturbing to the locals. The warehouse space here is underground, level after level of tunnels and caverns stocked with lead-lined trunks filled with uranium and plastic crates of manufactured goods. Above ground, the spaceport is entirely enclosed within a dome of glass and plastic composite.`
	"SP-76" `	A video screen plays a looping advertisement from the local chamber of commerce. A prosperous-looking man is saying, "I knew there was a fortune to be made in uranium - but I was afraid my children would start glowing in the dark."`
	"SP-77" `When you landed your ship near one of the larger outposts, no one even came out to greet you or to check your paperwork - not that anyone on a pirate world would care about such things. In the center of town is an open-air marketplace where large men armed with large guns stand guard over piles of crates, while others examine the wares that are for sale and haggle over prices.`
	"SP-78" `	The local slang incorporates threats of extreme violence as a seemingly meaningless verbal tic. "Hey, I'm gonna cut off your fingers one by one until you buy a meat patty!" a vendor calls out cheerfully as you pass. "First one's free, and I'll tie a knot in your spine if you don't like it."`
	"SP-79" `This is not a planet that any sane tourist would visit. The artificial underground dwelling places are so alike and so monotonous that it's no different than being on a space station, except without the stunning views that a station affords.`
	"SP-80" `	Nearly everyone you see here is an Arach, and they are walking around with an air of purpose that suggests that they are locals hard at work, rather than visitors to this planet.`
	"SP-81" `The spaceport here has become a popular destination for tourists interested in exotic foods. The blend of smells drifting from the many restaurants, cafes, and open-air markets is almost overwhelming, and not always pleasant to your human senses; the Kimek, in particular, appear to consider food that has already been partly broken down by decomposition to be a delicacy.`
	"SP-82" `This is a truly cosmopolitan spaceport, with members of all three Coalition species mixing freely, conversing and doing business with each other. There are also a large number of Heliarch interpreters and mediators mingling with the crowds, helping those interactions to go as smoothly as possible.`
	"SP-83" `Aside from the metal roofs on a few of the largest warehouses, the spaceport buildings are constructed largely of durable plastic resin, pre-cast into interlocking beams and panels.`
	"SP-84" `	There is a small pub in the center of the port, with its exterior walls painted a cheerful yellow. All the other buildings are the same red-brown color of the raw plastic.`
	"SP-85" `The main spaceport of Bosunothro is almost entirely taken up by shipyards. That area which isn't dedicated to the shipyards is dedicated to the transportation of materials to them. This leaves very little space left over for the usual amenities that you would expect of a spaceport. There is only one single small outfitter tucked in between two large shipyards near the edge of the spaceport; the shipyards must receive direct shipments of the more advanced outfits that they need.`
	"SP-86" `The spaceport is not fancy, but it is serviceable: the landing pads are very level and show only minor signs of wear and tear, and the one warehouse is tiny but recently built, and its roof is in good repair. Next to it is a marketplace building, with three walls and a pitched roof, and the fourth side open for people and trucks to come and go. An enterprising cook is selling lamb kebabs from a small grill and cart in one corner of the building.`
	"SP-87" `	A moderately-sized festival has been set up in commemoration of Remembrance Day. Both locals and off-worlders have gathered to show off their precision origami skills, with displays ranging from miniature Firebirds to hundreds of thousands of paper cranes, each representing a life lost in the Alpha Wars.`
	"SP-88" `The spaceport on Bourne is a collection of granite and steel towers with platforms for ships to land. The tops of the towers are blackened by factory soot and etched by acid rain, but the granite gives them a timeless, classic look very unlike many of the ports you have visited.`
	"SP-89" `	The port authorities warned you when you landed to be careful of pickpockets, so you are guarding your wallet very closely.`
	"SP-90" `The farms on Brass Second operate on a colossal scale. The spaceport is not the sort of rustic farmers' market typical of other farming worlds; it is a major commercial enterprise, complete with cargo-loading robots, climate-controlled warehouses, and a supply chain management system that ensures that fresh produce works its way to the head of the shipping queue in time for it to reach its destination unspoiled.`
	"SP-91" `The spaceport is in what, by Saryd standards, is a major city, with scattered skyscrapers surrounded by forests and grassy park land along with smaller dwellings and occasional factories or power plants. The city is built on either side of one of this continent's largest rivers, a few kilometers downstream from a dam and hydroelectric plant. Here, the river cuts through a deep gorge, and the graceful bridges that cross the gorge are often shrouded in mist.`
	"SP-92" `This is the sort of spaceport you picture in your head when you think of pirates. Half the storefronts are bars, and rum seems to be on the menu everywhere. It is almost like the stories of ancient Earth, except that the eye patches are cybernetic implants and the peg legs are motorized prostheses. Swarthy, dangerous-looking women glance at you as you pass by, and scantily clad men crowd around the bars, which is what you seem to remember the stories said it was like on Earth, too, although there it may have been the other way around.`
	"SP-93" `The spaceport is practically nonexistent, consisting of little more than a few landing pads, a refueling station, and a few buildings for shelter. Beyond the landing pads are paths that branch out into the wilderness, presumably off toward the shrines that can be spotted from above.`
	"SP-94" `	The few Bunrodeans who staff the spaceport don't look particularly happy to see you here, but they give you no trouble as they refuel your ship.`
	"SP-95" `You could feel the oppressive force of this planet's gravity as soon as you landed. The spaceport is a small cluster of single-story buildings. More cargo seems to be handled by robotic vehicles than by actual human operators, but the few people walking past you are all much shorter than you are. You feel like a giant, clearly out of place.`
	"SP-96" `Nearly all members of the Remnant are dark-skinned, either from exposure to high levels of ultraviolet radiation or because that is what their first ancestors who came here looked like. So, they walk around this spaceport village without much fear of the scorching desert sun, bringing supplies back and forth to the houses and to the flat clay pavement of the landing zone. Aside from some camels that the settlers brought with them, there are very few animals here.`
	"SP-97" `This is one of the few planets in this sector whose spaceport does not include private hangars, or at least gangway tunnels connecting to ships that land. The reason, of course, is so that visitors can experience the warm and pleasant air the moment they disembark. There is, however, a network of canvas-covered awnings branching out from the main buildings, offering shade and protection from the weather.`
	"SP-98" `	Inside, the counters for hotel shuttles and rental vehicles (including hovercraft and helicopters) are far more prominent than the amenities that would interest a merchant captain.`
	"SP-99" `The spaceport is a wide, flat stone field with no individual landing spots marked out; you're simply responsible for finding an unoccupied space large enough for your ship. There are only a few starships parked here.`
	"SP-100" `	A half kilometer away from the field is a small village with a marketplace and a pub. In the village, you can recognize the locals because of their stout, muscular stature; you are taller than almost everyone here.`
	"SP-101" `The constant stream of freighters passing through this spaceport is a testament to how much food is needed to feed the densely populated Kimek worlds, in particular their homeworld in the neighboring star system. The city that hosts the spaceport has also become something of a tourist destination for those with adventurous culinary tastes; restaurants here serve recipes native to each of the Coalition species, along with some dishes that blend their three cuisines in unique and sometimes surprising ways.`
	"SP-102" `The refinery here operates in shifts, non-stop, so there are always people coming and going in the hallways and docking bays. The cafeteria is so crowded that many workers are just standing up against the walls eating off their trays instead of trying to find a place to sit.`
	"SP-103" `	Every few minutes, light flashes in through one of the windows from welders outside in space suits trying to keep the aging hull in perfect shape. Others drift around outside checking up on the solar panels and replacing burnt-out modules.`
	"SP-104" `There are two spaceports on Chiron. The Old Port was built back when it was first settled, and was placed in a desert region, far from where people would want to live, so that they would not be as affected by the fallout from the nuclear propulsion that was used in the first, pre-hyperspace starships.`
	"SP-105" `	The New Port, on the other hand, is in the center of New Sydney, one of Chiron's largest cities. Its soaring architecture and gleaming mirrored glass is intended to make a clear statement, that Chiron is everything Earth is not: clean, modern, prosperous.`
	"SP-106" `This is a truly cosmopolitan spaceport, a city where the distinctive architectures of the Coalition's species are blended together and where the food or lodgings unique to each of them can easily be found. Cargo drones hover over the landing pads, constantly loading and unloading the merchant ships that are parked here as their captains arrange to buy or sell cargo.`
	"SP-107" `	Mingling among the crowds, Heliarch representatives wearing golden bands as a mark of their authority serve both as translators and as peacekeepers.`
	"SP-108" `The spaceport is built protruding off the side of a mountain, supported underneath by several pylons in a half-oval formation. The valley down below is extremely narrow, which seems to invite Scin fighters to test their skills. You spot a few Halites zipping through the valley while dodging between the supporting pylons before pulling upward and flying past the edge of the port. Despite their speed, they are not particularly loud.`
	"SP-109" `The spaceport is at the heart of one of Clark's largest cities, surrounded by smokestacks and factories. There are a few hangars owned by different corporations where their cargo ships can load and unload, but you are relegated to a set of concrete landing pads farther from the main buildings. Large trucks rumble by carrying carts loaded down with cargo crates.`
	"SP-110" `	In the central building, dozens of workers fill a large cafeteria with several stations serving different types of food. The mood here feels boisterous and energetic, very different from most of the Dirt Belt worlds you have visited.`
	"SP-111" `	In the central building, dozens of workers fill a large cafeteria with several stations serving different types of food. The mood here feels boisterous and energetic, bolstered further by the local Remembrance Day celebrations. Locals and tourists take turns downing as many beers as possible as their friends shout Alpha Wars folk songs.`
	"SP-112" `The spaceport has massive hangars and advanced repair facilities designed to accommodate the largest Hai warships. Where a fleet has just returned from a recent battle, the hangars are lit with flashes from robotic welders as damaged hull plates are swapped out for fresh ones and weakened joints are reinforced. The actual process of building these warships, however, takes place on the Hai homeworld, where the facilities will not be vulnerable to attack.`
	"SP-113" `The spaceport on Cold Horizon is only a tiny village; most of the natives prefer to stay as far as possible from the bustle and confusion of interstellar life. The spaceport is also a railway hub, with trains departing from here to bring tourists to and from the larger population centers in the forest, on the shore, and far up in the mountains.`
	"SP-114" `The spaceport here is a major city, with a continuous stream of cargo transports bringing goods manufactured on Cool Forest's sister planet, Diligent Hand. Here, some final assembly, testing, and repackaging is performed before those goods are shipped out to the rest of Saryd space and beyond.`
	"SP-115" `The spaceport on Cornucopia is a set of massive hangars in the center of a wide-open plain. Before leaving your ship you had to sign several documents regarding the use and disposal of various chemicals used in ship operations, and the department of agriculture requires that any luggage you bring on or off-world be submitted to a scan for biological material.`
	"SP-116" `	When you leave your hangar, you find yourself in an immense farmers' market, with hundreds of fruits and grains that you do not even know words for. The smell of this world is rich and earthy - you feel like you could almost receive all the nourishment your body needs just by breathing this air.`
	"SP-117" `The spaceport is a small facility, a five-story tower and some warehouses surrounded by landing pads, with tall fences around them to make sure that a herd of longcows does not accidentally wander in. Outside the fences, longcows mill about like hundred-ton centipedes, and visiting spacecraft are strictly required to approach using repulsors only rather than their main thrusters to avoid spooking the cattle.`
	"SP-118" `From the moment you landed, you have been followed by a pair of security guards with earpieces and laser guns. The spaceport is one enormous building, with square, straight hallways and featureless walls, and nearly every door you pass is locked. Cameras at each hallway intersection pivot to watch as you approach. This is simultaneously one of the most secure spaceports you have visited, and one of the most dangerous, although if you do not do anything to provoke the animosity of the cartel, you will probably be able to leave in peace.`
	"SP-119" `The spaceport is marked out with radio beacons to allow ships to land or take off even if the air is too dusty to see the ground. The dusty air tastes metallic on your tongue. It is laced with radioactive elements, and you try your best not to breathe in too much of the dust while making your way from your ship to the low stone buildings of the port.`
	"SP-120" `The spaceport is large for the moon's population, a product of its status as a hub for the many mining ships in the system and the ease of lofting cargo in the low gravity. Unlike most Avgi spaceports, it was designed to primarily serve spaceplanes, enabled by the thick atmosphere and low gravity. Together with the sprawling spaceport complex, built along the side of an equatorial mountain, a set of shorter runways also service the moon's local aircraft.`
	"SP-121" `The spaceport town is a rather normal collection of wood and stone buildings, with large sheds for trade goods and a handful of pubs and restaurants. The only unusual thing is the fact that every single building has lightning rods mounted on its roof. The sky is perpetually cloudy here, with only occasional beams of sunlight glancing through. The clouds are moving awfully fast.`
	"SP-122" `The occupants of this spaceport are not visibly different from the Hai you have encountered elsewhere, but they seem much more tense, angry, and hostile. As the only human here, you are being watched very closely, but no one threatens you directly.`
	"SP-123" `	It is likely that most of the goods available for trade here were stolen from one of the nearby Hai systems.`
	"SP-124" `The spaceport is hermetically sealed, with gantry tubes that can adapt to fit the hatches of human ships as well as Hai. The seal is to keep radioactive dust out of the living spaces, but its purpose is primarily to reduce the long-term exposure of the station's permanent inhabitants; for visitors, the risks are minimal.`
	"SP-125" `Once every few months, one pirate band or another will land here demanding tribute in the form of food. The locals respond by just keeping a big enough supply on hand to satisfy them; any sort of planetary defenses would cost far more than the price of the amount of food that an average fleet of warships can carry. But once they recognize that you are here to trade and not to steal, they greet you quite enthusiastically.`
	"SP-126" `Your ship is on a landing pad only a few meters above the pounding surf, and you can't help worrying about what might happen if the tide rises any higher. If nothing else, the salt water is bound to corrode your hull if you stay here too long. You make your way to a bar where a cage hanging from the ceiling holds an actual parrot. After trying for a while to get it to talk to you, you realize that it is dead, stuffed and nailed to its perch.`
	"SP-127" `The spaceport is built in a ring along the lower slopes of an extinct volcano that rises from the ocean near Deep Treasure's equator. Landing pads and hangars have been cut into the rock, and below them are a system of docks and oil refineries. The residences are on the volcano's upper slopes, where they have a clear view of the glittering water stretching out in every direction.`
	"SP-128" `The entire spaceport on Deep Water is an artificial island, a mesh of floating platforms the size of city blocks connected to each other by flexible bridges, leaving a system of canals in between them. The platforms are large enough that even the weight of a Bulk Freighter landing only causes them to ride a meter or two lower in the water.`
	"SP-129" `	The spaceport is moored in place to keep it from drifting on the ocean currents and colliding with the natural islands that dot the planet's surface.`
	"SP-130" `In addition to the usual services you would expect, the spaceport of Deli Kasi is also home to a number of genetic engineering labs geared toward the creation of more bountiful plant seeds. It's unsurprising that the Bunrodeans would genetically modify their food, but for as much as the Bunrodeans are capable of, nothing beats the usefulness of fertile farmland like what can be found on this planet.`
	"SP-131" `The spaceport of Deli Kat is in a remote location where the coming and going of spaceships is unlikely to disturb any livestock. Goods are brought into the spaceport via high speed train-like vehicles, except without the need to travel on rails thanks to the use of technology that looks similar to the repulsor engines on human ships. Deli Kat's flat terrain makes it easy for these amphibious vehicles to bullet across the surface, picking up supplies from farms and bringing them to the spaceport for transportation off-world.`
	"SP-132" `The spaceport is an enormous hollow carved out of the side of a mountain, with a network of steel beams and mesh holding the rock in place. Inside the hollow, the hangars are caves carved into the rock itself, with more steel beams overhead to protect the ships.`
	"SP-133" `	A tiered set of cog railways transport passengers and cargo between the hangars and the large town at the base of the hollow. Beyond the hollow, the mountainside falls off into a steep cliff and a mist-filled valley below.`
	"SP-134" `	Although the port is well-built and modern, you cannot help an irrational fear that the whole place will slide off the edge of the mountain one day.`
	"SP-135" `This is one of the few Coalition worlds where the Heliarch agents openly carry weapons, due to the fear that the Lunarium might see the storehouses here of base and precious metals as a tempting target. Although there are plenty of civilians of all three species milling about, the spaceport has something of the atmosphere of a military base.`
	"SP-136" ``
	"SP-137" `Part of the outskirts of the planet's main spaceport has been converted into a military installation, which a large base garrisoned with a considerable number of royal guards and their many ships. Apart from that, the spaceport feels rather normal, at least by Bunrodean standards. You spot the occasional Bunrodean with an excessive number of cybernetic or genetic modifications, but most appear to have few, if any, alterations done to them.`
	"SP-138" `This is a bustling commercial spaceport, with trucks carrying cargo crates to and from the landing pads and merchants haggling over prices. Everyone is moving around with purpose; not many people come to this particular planet for sightseeing.`
	"SP-139" `	The air here smells sour and salty, and seems to leave a thin, slimy residue on your tongue. Presumably if you lived here you would get used to it after a while, but it is a bit unnerving.`
	"SP-140" `The spaceport you are staying at is one huge circular construction outfitted with strange looking devices and technology, very much in contrast to the surrounding natural environment. In an open section located at the center is a small forest being observed by the nearby Scin. Some of them, however, seem to be more interested in observing you.`
	"SP-141" `You get many strange looks while you are in what is presumably one of the busiest spaceports on the planet, and it's hard to interpret the moods of beings you are not familiar with, especially as they vary among different subspecies. Strange foods and drinks are passed around occasionally, and radically different behaviors at every corner make all of this seem very overwhelming. In the end, the watchful eyes of warriors from each group of Gegno remind you that this is not your place to indulge in either curiosity or complacency.`
	"SP-142" `The spaceport is an enormous concrete tower rising a hundred meters above the sand, with the intention that it should be high enough to avoid being buried in even the largest of sandstorms. Each pad has landing clamps to secure your ship in case of high winds. Even so, you are a bit nervous as you leave your ship behind and board one of the cargo elevators to the complex below.`
	"SP-143" `	There are no windows inside the port, but the tall ceilings and bright strips of sun-lamps keep it from feeling too claustrophobic.`
	"SP-144" `The spaceport is in a particularly dingy corner of Dusk Companion's largest city. The windows are caked with soot and grime, and the few plants that grow here have a thin layer of volcanic ash on their leaves. The thick clouds overhead cloak the city in a perpetual twilight, and the streetlights remain lit even at midday.`
	"SP-145" `Like most Hai architecture, the spaceport is made of bare, unpainted metal, so weathered that you would not be surprised to learn that it is tens of thousands of years old. Tall, curved walls around the outskirts of the port create a sort of labyrinth with the port building itself at the center; they are probably intended to block sandstorms while allowing gentler breezes to pass through.`
	"SP-146" `The air in the spaceport facility is uncomfortably damp, and you imagine that you can see a thin sheen of moss or algae on nearly every surface here that receives any sunlight. Except for the largest cargo bays, all the rooms smell faintly of mildew.`
	"SP-147" `	One entire wing of the spaceport is dedicated to the Heliarch recruitment office for construction workers, and the waiting room is packed; many Coalition citizens are excited at the chance to help build something that will last thousands of years.`
	"SP-148" `Earth's spaceport is a series of massive buildings; the gaps between them form narrow concrete canyons a hundred stories deep. From a distance it has the appearance of a bustling termite mound.`
	"SP-149" `	Inside the towers is a warren of dim hallways and dingy shops. Hitchhikers sleep in the corners of unused docking bays under old army blankets, a few uniformed cleaners try to keep the litter and dust in check, and rich tourists from other stars cling tightly to their expensive cameras.`
	"SP-150" `This outpost was really not designed with human beings in mind. The indoor air is not pressurized, so even there you need an oxygen mask to be able to breathe comfortably. And all the rooms and hallways are taller and narrower than you are used to. The station feels like a maze, full of winding passageways with no clear order or pattern to them, although perhaps the order would be readily apparent if you had an alien mind.`
	"SP-151" `The Gegno here are much too busy to pay any attention to you as it seems this spaceport is part of a larger refinery site. The largest Gegno heave around big metallic containers of either processed materials or various structural parts, while the Gegno closer to your own height are working with machinery. At the far end of the spaceport you can see large rugged vehicles leaving or entering the site on paths that branch out to several more factories in the distance.`
	"SP-152" `Each island vessel serves as a makeshift yet functional spaceport with all of the basic facilities. As far as you can see, there are two lines of vessels in your area, and although they are miles apart, they form a runway-like pattern.`
	"SP-153" `	The island ports are built in a variety of sizes. The Scin fly their ships down the pattern as if it's a highway, staying neatly in the center until they find a port that can accommodate the ship they are piloting.`
	"SP-154" `Rows of alternating towers stretch far ahead and behind the one your spacecraft is stationed at, and a thick layer of fog surrounds them like a floor blocking your view. Every now and then, the fog breaks, revealing the large shipyards down below either side of you, followed by a new row of towers.`
	"SP-155" `	Off in the distance of the breaking fog is one vast gray structure, almost taking up your field of view. The closer you look at the mass, the more buildings there seem to be. If you stare too long, though, the nearby guards gesture more aggressively towards you, suggesting you keep your attention to yourself. It is unlikely you could get anywhere near there without being labeled a threat.`
	"SP-156" `Enveloped in a large black dome, this spaceport is a lot quieter inside than the loud winds and storms often found outside. It has definitely seen a severe dust storm or two, but still holds tight together. The Gegno Scin here give you lengthy stares, and oddly enough you notice that they take turns to observe you. One will look up then look back down to themselves, which is soon followed by another's attention.`
	"SP-157" `The central hub of the spaceport is an engineering marvel of impossible looking structures, such as buildings with large unsupported overhangs that look as though they should collapse under their own weight. The spaceport includes many of the typical services that you would expect, but also has a number of buildings that seem to act as embassies or consulates from other worlds.`
	"SP-158" `	Being an outsider on royal grounds, you are at all times escorted by a group of armed guards and a translator, although they seem to give you free rein to go wherever you want without any trouble. Only when approaching the royal palace without an invitation do they stop you.`
	"SP-159" `Being the major hub of education in this region, the population of the spaceport on this planet is bustling with young Bunrodeans. You note how very few of the Bunrodeans here appear to have any visible cybernetics. It must be the case that Bunrodeans only receive their cybernetics after reaching a certain age. Or it could be a matter of whose parents are able to afford the cybernetics for them.`
	"SP-160" `Ergastirio's spaceport is small, but well-equipped, with the facilities to handle special nuclear material and fragile scientific instrumentation alike. These constitute most of the goods offloaded here, which the station's laboratories require a steady supply of.`
	"SP-161" `The spaceport here is a very large circular shape with tall pillars reaching up into a dome roof. The empty space between each pillar is occasionally interrupted by a freighter or two, and in the center is a main platform where most pilots are gathered. Surrounding the pilots are what appear to be older members of the Vi deep in conversation.`
	"SP-162" `	Several Vi are chuckling deeply, likely telling stories of hunts they've had on the planet. Strangely, they pay you no attention - not even offering looks of distrust as they carry on about their day as if you aren't even present.`
	"SP-163" `The spaceport is dominated by its function as a military station, though it still has a dual-level promenade like its civilian counterparts of Ochrescoop and Greymoon. Several areas are restricted, but there are also freely accessible pubs and eateries, as well as an impressive cinema and a warehousing section for trading goods. The flooring is textured to prevent slipping and appears to be fairly new, while the rest of the station has a polished but well-worn feel to it.`
	"SP-164" `The spaceport village is under an artificial climate-controlled dome, and consists largely of pedestrian thoroughfares winding past fancy shops and restaurants. On torch-lit patios, young Arach couples sit gazing soulfully into each other's multiple eyes. This is where they come on their time off from the factories to dream of the day when they will hop aboard one of the ships parked here and start a more stable life elsewhere.`
	"SP-165" `This spaceport is, in some ways, quite similar to the ports on human agricultural worlds, with large warehouses and open-air markets and heavy trucks bringing in piles of produce from the farms to be shipped off-world. The fact that it is inhabited by utterly alien creatures, each with six or eight limbs, makes the sight somewhat surreal.`
	"SP-166" `The spaceport is a large city on the edge of a temperate forest. The city's layout, with green space and parks woven throughout it, is clearly a Saryd design, but the architecture borrows equally from all three cultures. As with the other ports where interspecies interactions are frequent, hundreds of Heliarch representatives wander around to mediate conversations and prevent misunderstandings.`
	"SP-167" `	Once a year, when the Games begin, the spaceport city grows to nearly four times its usual population.`
	"SP-168" `The spaceport is the Navy base; there are no other settlements. There are a few pubs filled mostly with off-duty officers, and a quartermaster's warehouse where you can trade goods. The most striking aspect of the base, however, is how empty it is. There are enough buildings here to make it feel like a small city, but only one small corner of the port is in use; the rest of the buildings are boarded up. And there are enough landing pads and hangars to house perhaps a fifth of the entire fleet, but they are nearly all empty at the moment.`
	"SP-169" `	The massive scale of the fortifications, coupled with their state of near-total disuse, puts you in mind of the fabled Maginot Line on Earth - a relic of an anticipated battle that failed to materialize according to plan.`
	"SP-170" `The spaceport is in one of the industrial regions near the pole; presumably the sight and sound of starships landing and taking off is too distasteful and plebeian for this world's richer inhabitants.`
	"SP-171" `	Most of the people here are terraforming technicians or mechanics; they hurry through the streets without giving you a second glance. Next to the tin-roofed marketplace, children are playing in a concrete-paved lot; across the street are a few run-down pubs and a restaurant.`
	"SP-172" `The spaceport appears to have been built by expanding a natural set of caves in a cliff facing the ocean. At high tide the lower caves flood, allowing barges to dock and unload the compounds they have harvested. Tunnels lead deep into the rock to rooms that have been carved out as warehouse space and living quarters. The rock remains somewhat cool, even at midday, but the air is still oppressively humid.`
	"SP-173" `Although this is a human planet, as you walk through this spaceport you feel as if you are on an alien world. The ceilings and doorways are all a bit higher than you are used to, and the locals tower over you. Aside from a few food carts in the marketplace, there are no shops or restaurants in the spaceport, and the nearest village is several kilometers away. It is as if the entire port was designed in order to limit interactions with outsiders to the bare minimum that is necessary.`
	"SP-174" `This station is composed of two rings, one containing the refinery and the other, the living quarters and cafeteria for the workers, in addition to a docking bay for visiting freighters. The workers all seem to be very busy, and few of them pay any attention to you.`
	"SP-175" `The spaceport is designed to service an entire fleetgroup of Avgi warships at once, with dry docks large enough to repair mid-sized vessels without them needing to venture back into the Tangled Shroud.`
	"SP-176" `The spaceport is in the middle of a large city with typical Hai architecture: raw metal and chamfered corners. However, much of the city appears to have been ruined long ago, probably in a battle. The ruins have not been rebuilt, but instead it appears that most of the ruined buildings have been torn down for scrap metal. Several of the spaceport hangars are in bad repair, as well.`
	"SP-177" `You have never seen this many shops in a single spaceport. Hand-glazed pottery, wooden furniture, dolls, sweaters, scarves, paintings - the variety is overwhelming. Crowds of tourists bustle around from shop to shop, making it very difficult for you to get through.`
	"SP-178" `	This mountainside spaceport is designed to look like a village, except that in place of terrace gardens are landing pads (placed haphazardly to look more natural), and the buildings are much larger than you imagine huts in the villages are. The concrete tiles covering the roofs have been molded and colored to look like wood shingles, and although some of the larger buildings must have steel structures underneath, they have been made to look as if they are held up only by wooden beams.`
	"SP-179" `Nearly everything within a hundred kilometers of the spaceport is farmland, punctuated with occasional small villages where the farm workers live. The villages and the spaceport itself are each surrounded by walls that keep dangerous animals at bay, as well as shielding the inhabitants from the flash floods that come at the very start of the rainy season.`
	"SP-180" `	The farms operate by embedding seeds in the dirt during the dry season, when the ground is hard baked clay and heavy machines can drive over it without sinking in. When the rains come, the clay turns to mud and the crops begin to sprout.`
	"SP-181" `The spaceport is a single skyscraper, fifty floors tall and as wide as it is high, with the floors twisting around each other in a helical pattern so that on each level, the landing bays are approached from a slightly different angle. The whole structure is built of steel and gleaming glass. Inside, the soaring ceilings give you more of a sense of opulence than of comfort.`
	"SP-182" `Your ship is docked on a metal pad immediately outside the dome of the city, which towers over you. Immediately after you landed, a smaller canopy unfolded around your ship, sealing it in and providing enough air for you to breathe as you make your way inside. The stark, lifeless badlands outside give way to bustling streets and lush blue foliage within. No other human beings are in sight.`
	"SP-183" `The spaceport is surrounded by kilometers of hangars and factories where new ships are being assembled.`
	"SP-184" `	The port itself is a trio of towering buildings, with a skywalk on the top floors to provide a view of the surrounding area. Larger ships land on pads around the base of the towers, while smaller ships can fly into hangars built into the sides of the towers themselves.`
	"SP-185" `	Everything is made of gleaming metal, and each tower is slightly tapered and adorned with painted fins that make it resemble an enormous starship.`
	"SP-186" `The spaceport is crowded with travelers, about equally divided between those who are freshly arriving, drawn by the promise of plentiful work and a cheap cost of living, and those who are preparing to leave and attempt to build a better life somewhere else. Most Kimek choose to specialize as workers rather than raising families, so the vast majority of the travelers are alone or traveling only with a loosely knit group of friends.`
	"SP-187" `Apparently anarchists are not opposed to commerce as long as no one is regulating it. Half of the landing pads in the spaceport are available for ships; the other half have been taken over by farmers busy selling their produce, or merchants buying from incoming ships and piling crates into large trucks.`
	"SP-188" `	A sign above the entrance to the spaceport bar reads, "Fine home-brewed whiskey! Get smashed without getting taxed!" Further down the street, a sign over what appears to be a real estate office reads, "Why not settle where The Man can't reach you?"`
	"SP-189" `	Inexplicably, the only advertising on the seafood restaurant across the street is an enormous banner proclaiming, "We have brown rice."`
	"SP-190" `Every Hai city has an appearance of great age and permanence, but this one, even more so. In Hai cities, transport vehicles carry freight and passengers along underground passages or elevated railways, while the pathways at ground level are reserved for foot traffic. Here, millennia of foot traffic have rounded off the corners of every metal staircase, and polished the railings as smooth as glass. The Hai locals do not seem to have trouble keeping their footing, but you wish your shoes gave you more traction.`
	"SP-191" `The spaceport is mostly a military base. Uniformed crew members hurry back and forth without giving you a second glance. The food in the mess hall is standard military fare, hearty but bland and unappetizing, and there are few shops or other services catering to civilians.`
	"SP-192" `The heart of the planetary infrastructure network, Gagarin's spaceport is perpetually crowded. Materials are constantly coming and going with ships landing, taking off, or being moved to underground hangars if they can't be unloaded on time. At least the spaceport appears to be able to meet demand, if just barely.`
	"SP-193" `	On the walls of the spaceport you see faded emblems for the CCOR, some of which have been plastered over by the local authorities, and others which have been plastered over again by the CCOR guerrillas.`
	"SP-194" `When not in "harvest season," the hubs are relatively quiet, and serve mostly as a tourist destination. Many come for the unique, close-up view of a sea of clouds, swarming with furious storms and dotted with more of the silver pyramids in the distance.`
	"SP-195" `	Each hub shares the same overall design in general, but the decoration pieces, services, and local amenities for each one have grown in their own way over the centuries. The only common thing they have between all of them is the signature restaurant, which serves a variety of dishes, drinks, and even desserts all based on the processed, scooped up produce.`
	"SP-196" `Like everything else on Geminus, the spaceport is not terribly pretty, but is functional and efficient. Each of the wide hallways is marked out like a road, with space in the center for electric carts carrying cargo, while pedestrians are relegated to the edges.`
	"SP-197" `The spaceport is perched on top of a peak in an older and more stable mountain range. The landing pads here are used both by starships and by the helicopters that bring cargo to and from the mines. Overhead, helicopters fly by carrying heavy loads dangling from cables. A few low concrete buildings serve as warehouses, and on the far end of the port, where an explosion would do the least damage if a sudden, severe earthquake struck, large steel tanks hold deuterium for refueling ships. Asphalt roads with flimsy guard rails connect the landing pads to the warehouses.`
	"SP-198" `	In commemoration of Remembrance Day, a few flags have been set up in the spaceport. You suspect that the risk of an earthquake puts the locals off of setting up anything more elaborate.`
	"SP-199" `The spaceport is shaped like a giant tree: raised landing platforms branching out from a central hub where several towers provide lodging for visitors. In every corner of the platforms where the foot traffic is not enough to keep them clear, moss and vines have begun to take over.`
	"SP-200" `	Judging from the number of Arach visitors here in addition to the Saryd natives, this must be a popular tourist destination.`
	"SP-201" `This spaceport was built seven or eight centuries ago, and its once-grand architecture has now fallen into decay. A ring of hangars with arched concrete ceilings surrounds a central complex of warehouse towers, whose upper stories once held food courts and luxury hotel rooms.`
	"SP-202" `	By now many of the hangars have collapsed, and the ones that remain have rugged plastic netting bolted to the ceilings to protect ships from falling fragments of concrete. Only one of the food courts remains active, and although a few of the hotel rooms are still used, the marble fixtures and tile floors that were once so polished and clean are now chipped and cracked and worn down.`
	"SP-203" `There are probably many hundreds of billions of Quarg on this ring, and yet it still manages to feel spacious and lightly populated. They shift past you at a normal walking pace for a Quarg, and don't give you much attention except from the occasional uninterested glance or two. There seems to be little conversation and effort to accommodate you as the only non-Quarg in sight. It seems areas containing the aliens from nearby are off-limits to you.`
	"SP-204" `The spaceport is in the center of one of the large cities that are built high up in the mountains where the air is cooler. It consists mostly of open-air landing pads: enormous slabs of metal embedded into the mountainside at different levels, with winding roads connecting them to the main marketplace and warehouse district. Several old mine entrances, well reinforced with metal struts, have been converted into hangar bays or warehouse space.`
	"SP-205" `The spaceport is a tower of glass and steel perched on top of a mesa, overlooking the canyonlands: spires of red and pale yellow stone, with a sprinkling of trees at the lower elevations. A wide highway winds down the side of the mesa, through several tunnels, and then off to the horizon. The port itself is not terribly busy.`
	"SP-206" `	You notice quite a few families with children sitting by the windows on the upper stories of the tower, watching starships landing and taking off. Many of them have brought folding chairs or blankets to sit on. That must be what passes for entertainment on this world.`
	"SP-207" `The spaceport here is almost deserted, and most of the Saryds who are walking around in the frigid air seem completely uninterested in talking to strangers. Saryd culture places a high value on experiences of solitude and isolation, and the cold and stark landscape of Glittering Ice provides them with the perfect setting for quiet retreats. Not surprisingly, the other species of the Coalition seldom find reason to visit here.`
	"SP-208" `The starport is as perfectly sculpted as the rest of the planet, a hive-like structure with hexagonal openings of various sizes for docking bays. Gardens have been planted on the roofs and on terraces on all different levels, and a small artificial river flows from a fountain on the roof down among the terraces and out to the ground below.`
	"SP-209" `	It is almost impossible to tell the age of the locals who are walking by: there is a frightening monotony of wrinkle-free, nearly identically proportioned faces. When they speak, only their lips move; their expressions remain mask-like, immobile.`
	"SP-210" `The structure you're parked at seems to be just a section of a much larger rectangular building with many other sections and rods projecting out from it. From the height you are at, you can see the wilderness stretch on for miles, occasionally interrupted with another tall-reaching spaceport or factory.`
	"SP-211" `Here, you feel like a young child lost among a crowd of tall, indifferent adults. The average adult Quarg is over three meters tall, and although they move slowly and gracefully, on their long legs they easily speed by you. Worse, the counters for the merchant exchange, bank, and job board are high enough that you can barely see over them. But, the Quarg have helpfully provided stepping stools stashed under the counters so that shorter humans can carry out business without having to constantly crane their necks upwards.`
	"SP-212" `The spaceport is a massive floating island built by the Hai - a network of hexagonal platforms, each roughly half a kilometer in diameter, linked by bridges that can bend to accommodate the platforms rising and falling in rough weather. You are not sure what sort of alloy the platforms are built from, but judging by the fact that some of them have coral colonies growing on their edges, they can probably last for centuries without requiring any maintenance.`
	"SP-213" `	Everything, in fact, including the very bizarre. At the end of one dark alley you see a shop called "Mike's Mustelids," with weasels and ferrets in cages in the window. Beside them, a fully-grown wolverine glares at you from behind the bars of a large and sturdy cage.`
	"SP-214" `The spaceport's wide, two-level promenade is dedicated to a variety of themed eateries and gift stores, as well as some local artist galleries, a handicrafts store selling traditionally made curios from a long-abandoned world, and what appears to be an expansive and very well-equipped hospital which also services the planet below. The docking access opens directly onto the mezzanine, where a pair of information desks detail every possible route to ensure that the sizable number of tourists that visit here daily need not look far for assistance.`
	"SP-215" `In this bustling spaceport, deeply tanned human merchants are busy haggling with the Hai natives over the price of loads of fish and produce. The atmosphere is quite friendly and relaxed - even here, well into the planet's temperate zone, it is warm enough that everyone, Hai and human alike, moves at a languid pace.`
	"SP-216" `	Like many other Hai planets, the spaceport signs and menus for the largest restaurants are written in both Hai and human. What is unusual, however, is how some shops don't use any Hai text, perhaps due to Greenwater's larger human population.`
	"SP-217" `The bacterial soup that is being served in the food court has a texture like wet silt and an unpardonably bland flavor. Someone who could supply the Korath with a steady stream of the right sorts of spices could make a killing in trade here.`
	"SP-218" `The spaceport consists of a wide, two-level promenade encircling the interior of the station, with the docking access opening directly onto the mezzanine. The upper level is mostly devoted to amenities, light commercial businesses, a medical center, and a bank. The lower level has all of the real businesses: multiple manufacturers, which are supplied by the heavier elements filtered out from the supply of fuel stock from the planet below, have store frontage here. A virtual outfitter provides sale options for locally-manufactured outfits that can be installed on your ship without you ever leaving the comfort of the promenade.`
	"SP-219" `Built to serve as a purely strategic military repair port, the station has very little in the form of amenities, with a few basic cantinas and large, mostly empty living quarters intended to house troops stationed here. There are no shops, and nearly every civilian you see is moving as if they are trying to finish their business on the station as quickly as possible.`
	"SP-220" `	On certain days every month, Heliarch ships "damaged" during combat exercises dock to stress test the station's turnover capabilities, breathing new life into the station's population, and causing extreme overcrowding of the facilities...`
	"SP-221" `The spaceport seems very busy with all sorts of Gegno Scin walking around in a hurried fashion. Some of them are wearing long, sleek jackets while others wear more feather-like plating. Once in a while, a Scin stops nearby to observe and record you and then carries on as if nothing happened.`
	"SP-222" `The spaceport in the capital city of Haimat is massive, with towers well over a kilometer high and hangars large enough to park an entire fleet of capital ships in. Although the port is bustling, with ships taking off and landing almost every minute, nearly three quarters of the landing pads and hangars are empty, and whole sections of the spaceport appear to be unused. Clearly, this port was designed to handle far more traffic than this.`
	"SP-223" `The spaceport is a multi-tiered, gravity-defying structure reaching hundreds of meters above the ground, with steel and glass arches, cantilevered platforms, and luxury-class docking bays on its upper levels. On the ground level surrounding the facility are landing pads for heavy cargo ships, along with the associated warehouses and repair shops.`
	"SP-224" `The spaceport is on the outskirts of one of the larger cities, with a few medium-sized skyscrapers and many tall smokestacks for factories and oil refineries. The starship hangars here are shaped like oversized barns, and close to the hangars, grain is stored in silos. The spaceport police are on horseback.`
	"SP-225" `	Inside the building at the center of the port is a large cafeteria, with food of the simple "meat and potatoes" variety. You notice a few children and teenagers in rough, homemade clothing staring out the windows at the ships taking off and landing.`
	"SP-226" `The spaceport is old and dingy, with piles of litter in the gutters and graffiti on many of the alley walls. Many of the shops are closed, the windows boarded over or covered with yellowing paper.`
	"SP-227" `	This is an independent world, and a relatively stable settlement, but the effects of its separation from the rest of the galaxy are evident. A few young people carrying large backpacks eye you with interest, perhaps trying to gauge their chances of getting you to give them a cheap lift off-planet.`
	"SP-228" `The spaceport is constructed purely for efficiency and functionality. It is a long building, stretching in a straight line across more than a kilometer. Through the center, on tracks elevated at various levels, run monorail trams for carrying passengers and cargo. Along the sides of the building are docking bays alternating with storage rooms. The wide corridors are packed both with people and with robotic freight carts.`
	"SP-229" `	As the planet's economy grows and the spaceport becomes too cramped, the port authority simply clears more land and extends the building, the tramways, and the docks out farther along the same line.`
	"SP-230" `The spaceport is a cluster of low buildings. At the center of the port is a special, taller building with glass walls on all sides. It houses the tractor showroom. The farmers visiting the showroom look about as excited as you do when touring a large and well-appointed shipyard. There are tractors with rubber wheels, spiked wheels, and tracks; with plows, combines, balers, and chaser bins; tractors barely big enough to sit on and tractors the size of a small freighter. It's somewhat overwhelming.`
	"SP-231" `	One section of the tractor showcase appears to currently be dedicated to antique tractors back from the Alpha Wars. On one landing pad, you spot some dock workers unloading a gigantic wheeled harvester out of a Bulk Freighter's hold.`
	"SP-232" `The spaceport is built halfway up the slope of one of the most heavily settled valleys. Farther down the valley, the tallest buildings of the city seem tiny compared to the mountains that surround them. On the outskirts of the city sit strange engines the size of a spacecraft, with pipes snaking out from them in all directions and sinking deep into the ground.`
	"SP-233" `The spaceport is also the main city in Helheim, and it is built around a series of glass domes of all different sizes. Each dome is a greenhouse housing a different sort of plant life, and in some cases animals as well: hermetically sealed parks, protected from the caustic air outside, where the locals can come when their hunger to be among living things becomes unbearable. The docking bays each have an airlock to protect the atmosphere inside the city.`
	"SP-234" `In many of the spaceport hangars you pass, mechanics are busy installing new parts or making repairs to old ones. The flash of arc welders and the squeal of bolt drivers and rivet guns is everywhere.`
	"SP-235" `	Above the ground-level hangars, shops, and warehouses is a tier of supply rooms with all different sorts of ship outfits on display, rows and rows of gleaming, identical parts. Robotic gantries swing overhead at frightening speeds, stocking and fetching parts. It serves as both a functional storage space and a massive advertisement for Syndicated equipment.`
	"SP-236" `The spaceport is far removed from any of this world's cities. It consists of a single, ring-shaped building; the docking bays open onto the central atrium, which visiting ships fly through to reach them. Industrial strength ultraviolet lasers are mounted on turrets throughout the atrium, and fire automatically at entering and departing ships to sterilize them. Once you land, the docking bay is hermetically sealed. Based on the precautions they are taking, you find yourself wanting to spend as little time as possible breathing the air here.`
	"SP-237" `Hestia has two separate spaceports. The port where rich residents and their visitors arrive and depart is private, owned by a local company. Here in the public spaceport, no attempt has been made at impressive architecture: everything is spare and utilitarian, with floors of bare concrete. There are a few trucks and forklifts carrying cargo, but the streets that connect the landing pads are mostly full of people on foot, walking toward the customs building.`
	"SP-238" `The spaceport is a single building, and half the landing pads are just packed dirt. This port was not designed for large volumes of cargo or of visitors.`
	"SP-239" `	Within the building is a sun-lit atrium, with separate storefronts for the commodity exchange, the job center, and the bank. The only place you can see where you might be able to get something to eat is a bar, advertised by a sign showing an Erlenmeyer flask with a folding paper umbrella hung over the rim.`
	"SP-240" `The spaceport consists mostly of a cluster of steel-framed warehouses with tin roofs, surrounded by concrete slabs for ships to land on. Scattered among the warehouses are a few smaller wooden buildings, housing a pub, a restaurant, and a small inn.`
	"SP-241" `	Some of the warehouses are relatively new, with metal that still gleams; others are covered in rust, and a few stand in ruins, with large holes worn through their roofs and rusted girders poking through like dead trees.`
	"SP-242" `	The inn has been repurposed for hosting Remembrance Day celebrations. A canvas just above its entrance reads, "For those who have fallen, and those who may fall." It is already blotchy.`
	"SP-243" `The spaceport is a towering steel structure, built by the Quarg, with docks for their pilot-less cargo drones as well as platforms for human ships. The hallways inside have disconcerting proportions, somewhat narrow but with very tall ceilings.`
	"SP-244" `	In addition to the human inhabitants, there are a few tall, almost fragile-looking robots with digitigrade limbs and narrow torsos patterned after the anatomy of a Quarg. Most of the robots stand still in the corners, like statues, but a few are moving around and interacting with people, apparently as remote control proxies for Quarg in orbit. It is a clear reminder of who owns this planet.`
	"SP-245" `The spaceport is located near the equator, in this world's industrial zone. Along the horizon are fields of pumpjacks and oil derricks.`
	"SP-246" `	The port consists of rows of hangars, plus two large square towers that house the marketplace and storage space for cargo. A constant howling wind sweeps in between the buildings, but thankfully they are well constructed out of sturdy concrete.`
	"SP-247" `The largest hangars in the spaceport are built of metal beams more than a meter wide, with thick glass panels between them to let in the sunlight. Even the smaller and newer warehouses on the outskirts of the port seem as solid and permanent as the mountains themselves. Thousands of Hai are walking back and forth between the buildings, and many of them regard you with curiosity; there are very few human visitors here.`
	"SP-248" `The station's spaceport is extremely large compared to the size of the entire station itself, taking up almost half of the interior. A variety of ships enter and exit, but a good chunk of the parked ships seem to be kept here and fitted for combat.`
	"SP-249" `	You're able to use some basic services in the spaceport, and there's even a small outfitter you can access, but you're prevented from entering the station beyond the spaceport.`
	"SP-250" `	Rather than a traditional spaceport, a large and extensive shipyard engulfs a portion of the moon's surface, cluttered with numerous structures from an early colonial period. Several immense hangars, mostly reduced to their bare metal frames, house various archaic spacecraft of times past, with a few of them still servicing the remaining active vessels.`
	"SP-251" `The main spaceport of Illbo Avo is accessed by entering a large, artificial, circular cavern near the moon's equator. The walls of the cavern are lined with hangar bays; available bays have their hangar doors open. Once you find a vacant bay to land in, the door closes and the hangar becomes pressurized.`
	"SP-252" `	The inside of the spaceport is buzzing with activity, from shipments of new weapons being moved around to military squads marching in unison.`
	"SP-253" `The main spaceport of Illbo Elo appears to be a major military installation, with most of the landing pad being occupied by Bunrodean warships. Moving away from the more military-focused center, you find that the edges of the spaceport are packed with civilians barely supported by the current infrastructure, which is perhaps why the Bunrodea are constructing new cities elsewhere.`
	"SP-254" `In this spaceport, ships dock inside a hangar whose ceiling protects them from meteorite impacts. The hangar is not pressurized, so there are also landing tubes that connect to each of the visiting ships. Many of the people inside are carrying emergency oxygen masks in case a sudden impact ruptures the building.`
	"SP-255" `	In addition to being the spaceport, this complex is also the repair and control center for the mining robots. There are a handful of buildings elsewhere on Ingot, but not many. You cannot imagine spending so much time with so little space or change of scenery.`
	"SP-256" `	The decorations for Remembrance Day on this planet amount to a batch of flags placed near a trading hub. The spirit of the locals, however, is undeniable; you can feel folk songs echo through the metal corridors.`
	"SP-257" `The spaceport city is built on the mountain slopes overlooking a fjord, whose water is deep enough for even the largest of cargo barges to enter. Many of the barges have landing pads on their decks so that the cargo can be transferred directly to freighter starships without needing to be stored on land first. The chief export is a gray-green meal made from dried and ground up seaweed.`
	"SP-258" `The spaceport city was once the largest on the planet, but now more than half of it is uninhabited, buried in snowdrifts. Within the next century, the Kimek will probably need to build a new spaceport closer to the equator, unless they choose to abandon this world altogether.`
	"SP-259" `	The Kimek who live here are dressed in puffy winter coats that entirely cover their bodies and heads; only their spindly legs protrude out.`
	"SP-260" `The spaceport resembles a group of enormous bubbles in the ocean near the equator; translucent, hemi-spherical hangars protrude from the water, cracking open like the petals of flowers to allow ships to enter and depart. Once inside, all the hangars are connected by a dense web of corridors and small, spherical rooms. Many are just as water-filled as the port's surroundings, and about half of the Successors you see throughout the spaceport are partially or entirely submerged.`
	"SP-261" `The spaceport is a wholly artificial island constructed near the center of one of the larger archipelagos. Surrounded by breakwaters and raised several meters above the water line, the landing platforms are partially protected from the dangers of the planet's storms; additionally, the smaller pads can be lowered into underground hangars to prevent them from being swept away.`
	"SP-262" `A large number of the genetic research facilities on Jentuthro are located close to the major spaceport, with most of the remaining facitilies being located in more minor cities scattered across the planet. There are a few facilities located in more remote locations, access to which is highly restricted.`
	"SP-263" `	The use of cybernetics on this world seems to be almost entirely nonexistent. There may be a bit of a rivalry between the cybernetics world of Thshybothro and this one, hence the lack of cybernetic usage.`
	"SP-264" `The spaceport city is built around an enormous public square, with stalls around its periphery for produce or grain or cattle to be sold and shipped off-world. But only one corner of the square is still active as a market; the rest has fallen into disrepair.`
	"SP-265" `	Outside the city, the land is divided up by perfectly straight strips of pine trees laid out perpendicular to the prevailing wind direction. Many of the fields are growing what looks like hay, or clover, or black, nearly leafless shrubs; only a few of the fields are actively being harvested.`
	"SP-266" `The mountainside spaceport here is tiny and almost deserted, and the Successors who guide your ship to its dirt landing pad seem to disappear entirely immediately after you touch down. While there are a few small shops and trading posts scattered around the area, none of them make any effort to get your attention, and a few are even completely automated, with nothing more than a few inoffensively blinking lights indicating that they are functional and open for business.`
	"SP-267" `Far from beautiful, but impressive in its scale and technology, Kasii-Cavasaa-Oa's spaceport looms over the blindingly-white snow hills like an obsidian outcrop. There is a substantial military presence here, guarding the valuable freight convoys of the New Houses; even in these relatively peaceful times, the Successors have clearly not forgotten their fraught and warlike past.`
	"SP-268" `	You gain a similar feeling from your interaction with the Successors here; they are courteous, polite, and just as cold as the biting winds. This a not a place for idle chatter or bright-eyed tourists.`
	"SP-269" `You wouldn't really call the landing area here a "spaceport": it seems to be just an especially large cargo bay refitted to hold a handful of ships. In sharp contrast to most of the Successor facilities you've visited, it is grimy, dingy, and uncomfortably claustrophobic - throngs of Successors squeeze in between crowded starships, overflowing cargo containers, and strewn-about equipment, and most of these items display bullet holes, scorch marks, or other conditions not evocative of confidence.`
	"SP-270" `	At the edges of the spaceport, several semi-obfuscated elevators and blast doors lead out into the rest of the station. While most of these, you presume, lead to residential areas, some seem to be servicing the seedier side of the population, and you can't help but wonder how much of the spaceport's operations are taking place behind closed doors.`
	"SP-271" `This station is run with military discipline reminiscent of a human Navy base. All the Korath, even the construction workers, are in full uniform with some sort of rank insignia: epaulettes that vary both in shape and color. The largest ones appear to mark the officers in charge.`
	"SP-272" `The spaceport here is perhaps the most militarized of any you have visited in Successor space. Large industrial buildings rise up around the landing pads, casting them into deep shadow, and several small Successor warships stand ready on fast-launch pads, prepared to enter orbit at a moment's notice. You pass through a security checkpoint on your way into the spaceport proper, and while the security officers have clearly been briefed to expect alien visitors, they still regard you with some degree of scrutiny.`
	"SP-273" `	The trading posts, outfitters, and shipyard inside are all quite impressive, and the Successors you meet are all very curt and professional, including the merchant captains.`
	"SP-274" `Nearly all the land mass on Ki Patek Ka is covered in cities; the only undeveloped land is the high mountain peaks and the ice caps near the poles. The spaceport alone is larger than most human cities, stretching from horizon to horizon, with a ship taking off or landing every few seconds. The sheer number of people here - mostly Kimek, but a fair number of Saryds and Arachi as well - is overwhelming.`
	"SP-275" `Although most spaceports typically double as a massive population center for the planet, in many cases being the most populous region on the planet, Kisarra's spaceport acts only as a location to ferry minerals brought from the mines off-world, with most of the planet's population living in the small oasis towns.`
	"SP-276" `	Just as with the small towns and mines, the spaceport has a large wall constructed around it. From what you can tell, this is to keep out the gigantic spider-like creatures that inhabit Kissara's deserts. These spiders burrow through the sand and consume any unfortunate creature they can find.`
	"SP-277" `As the Korath civil war became more and more brutal, the safest home for those who wanted to avoid the fighting was right here in the shadow of the Quarg. This small station is still home to well over a thousand Korath, and they are constantly on the move from one section to another, their boots ringing loudly on the metal floors.`
	"SP-278" `	The Korath studiously avoid staring at you or even making eye contact, but you get the sense that many of them are quite curious about who you are and what you are doing here.`
	"SP-279" `This is the only Wanderer spaceport on the entire planet, with a population of no more than a few hundred Wanderers, most of them engineers and robot technicians. At the center of the port is a glass dome nearly a hundred meters tall, enclosing a garden with cliffs, streams, and towering trees, where the Wanderers can stretch their wings and relax in a green and growing environment without being exposed to the outside air.`
	"SP-280" `	The hallway that loops around the outside of the garden is decorated with an incredibly detailed mural. At one end the mural depicts a barren and blasted landscape, which gradually transitions along the length of the hallway to a green and growing world. The mural must be a reminder to the workers of what they are striving to accomplish here.`
	"SP-281" `This small spaceport is unmistakably a research station, and the Wanderers walking or flying from one building to another have a self-absorbed attitude not unlike what you would expect from human scientists. Around the outskirts of the port village are pens that hold a staggering variety of animals, mostly ruminants and other herbivores, and the work of the scientists seems to revolve around convincing these animals to eat the local flora.`
	"SP-282" `The main ring of the station consists of three different levels, with living quarters, repair shops, a few small cafeterias, and even a barber. The lower levels also house some of the refinery equipment, but much of the harvesting is done automatically by robotic drones.`
	"SP-283" `	For a station that is so old, everything feels surprisingly sturdy; the bolts and beams that make up the station are much thicker than they probably need to be.`
	"SP-284" `The spaceport here is tiny and barebones, offering only minimal services. Most of the few Successors you see here are wearing military uniforms, and while they do not react to you with any discernible surprise, most keep a close eye on you as you walk through the facility.`
	"SP-285" `The spaceport here is tiny and barebones, offering only minimal services. The few Successors you see are wearing military uniforms and remain polite and courteous to you, even as an alien.`
	"SP-286" `	Several tunnels from this spaceport lead off into the distance, though they are guarded by military personnel and identification equipment. You presume that they lead to some of the facilities established elsewhere on the moon's surface.`
	"SP-287" `Despite their size, the Quarg are generally almost silent when they move, and there seem to be very few of them left inhabiting this ringworld. As you walk through some parts of the spaceport it is utterly silent and seemingly deserted, and you are jolted by surprise each time the illusion of solitude is broken by a Quarg emerging suddenly from a doorway and striding silently past you. Every once in a while, louder footsteps announce the presence of a group of Korath visiting the station.`
	"SP-288" `	Although the spaceport offers all the usual amenities, including a small merchant's exchange for trading goods, you feel slightly self-conscious about breaking the silence of the station to speak to anyone.`
	"SP-289" `In the docking section are flexible, oddly organic-looking tubes that snaked out to connect to your ship as it approached. Walking through the tube and into the station was a somewhat disconcerting experience. Inside, crowds of human tourists gawk at the tall, thin Quarg, who for the most part seem unfazed by the attention. The station is perfectly clean; every surface shines.`
	"SP-290" `All the Korath you encounter in the spaceport are wearing ventilator masks, and if you were staying here for longer you would probably do the same. The air leaves a metallic taste in your mouth, and your eyes feel dry and sting when the wind hits them. On the outskirts of the city, factory smokestacks are belching more pollution into the air; the Korath have either given up on preserving this planet, or simply have too great a need for the goods manufactured here to be willing to shut the factories down.`
	"SP-291" `This is a refinery, not a tourist destination. You were allowed to dock here, and the massive cafeteria used by the local workers is available to you if you want to eat, but beyond that no one seems particularly interested in entertaining you or interacting with you.`
	"SP-292" `	On the other hand, you get some small satisfaction from knowing that you refueled your ship with deuterium that just yesterday was most likely still floating around in the upper cloud banks of the gas giant below.`
	"SP-293" `The spaceport is built on a small mountain, one of the rare places where enough bedrock rises above the soil to provide a firm foundation for large buildings and high ground during floods.`
	"SP-294" `	The warehouses and market are built of concrete, but the smaller buildings on the outskirts of the port are wood framed. Moss is growing everywhere, and in places the wood is stippled with mold. But the people are friendly enough, unhurried and peaceful.`
	"SP-295" `	A noodle soup restaurant near the center of the port town seems to be the gathering place of choice. Whatever they're cooking inside, it smells delicious.`
	"SP-296" `The primary spaceport was built into the center of the first settlement to be established on the planet, which handled most extraplanetary traffic for decades. An especially-ambitious skyhook design would stretch down each day to retrieve or deposit a payload mounted on a kilometer-tall tower, spindly enough that it had to be reinforced with nanotube guy lines reaching the ground. Since then, the tower has grown outwards into a surprisingly wide arcology of basalt and steel, itself housing over a million Avgi.`
	"SP-297" `This port is known as "Fourth Port." The previous three ports are partly or completely buried under lava flows. The present port is built on a raised platform a hundred meters above the ground. The steel stilts supporting the platform are intended to keep the port from being buried by any encroaching lava flow. However, given that some explosive eruptions here have been known to launch lava nearly a kilometer into the air, sooner or later Fourth Port will need to be replaced by a fifth.`
	"SP-298" `The spaceport consists of four large towers connected by bridges, with openings for hangars in the sides. The upper stories are for landing ships; business takes place down below, at street level.`
	"SP-299" `	You can recognize the natives immediately because they are almost all taller than you, a result of growing up in a low-gravity environment.`
	"SP-300" `The spaceport is rudimentary, and the main pressurized dome of the facility is probably at least half a millennium old. So many metal foil patches have been cemented to its outer wall to stop slow air leaks that in places they entirely cover the surface.`
	"SP-301" `	Everything is so ancient and ramshackle that it feels almost like you have stepped back in time to the early days of human space flight. Perhaps that's what the tourists come here to experience.`
	"SP-302" `The spaceport is a single massive complex of buildings, with hangars large enough for even a Bulk Freighter or a Navy flagship. A railroad runs through several of the nearby mining towns and straight into the spaceport building itself, allowing ore and processed metal to be loaded directly from the mine cars into the waiting freighters.`
	"SP-303" `The spaceport is on its own city-ship floating some distance away from the others, so that the locals need not deal with the noise and uncouth manners of spacefarers. Surrounding the port is a ring of docks where barges are moored; on platforms farther "inland," starships land.`
	"SP-304" `	Few goods are produced here; most of the people rich enough to live on Mainsail are connected with interplanetary corporations whose physical business takes place elsewhere.`
	"SP-305" `The spaceport on Maker is enormous, but laid out very efficiently. In one sector, a steady stream of passengers, most of them young and dressed somewhat shabbily, are disembarking. They are funneled straight to a labor and immigration center, from which they will be assigned to different factories. Meanwhile, a smaller stream of older, tired-looking but better dressed workers flows in the other direction; people who have finished their terms of service and are boarding ships for other worlds.`
	"SP-306" `	In the commercial sector of the port, robotic cargo trucks rumble through the streets at frightening speeds, while pedestrians walk from building to building along skyways several stories up.`
	"SP-307" `A fair number of the Hai walking through this spaceport are wearing no clothing at all, perhaps as a response to the warm temperatures. Given that they seem to attract no notice or disapproval by doing so, it appears that this is perfectly normal behavior. Others appear to have trimmed their fur shorter than normal as an alternative way to deal with the heat.`
	"SP-308" `The spaceport is shaped like a wheel with no rim: a series of spokes jutting out from a central hub, where each spoke is a docking tunnel that can connect to any ship that lands beside it.`
	"SP-309" `	Inside are about a dozen people and a couple hundred robots. The people and robots alike seem uninterested in any interactions with you. It is a strange sort of aloofness that you have heard is common to all the worlds in the Deep.`
	"SP-310" `This spaceport serves as the primary repair and service center for the Arach merchant marine. At any given time hundreds of ships may be in dry-dock here to have new equipment installed or their engines or internal systems tuned for better efficiency. Meanwhile, thousands of analysts and software experts work to plan out delivery routes, schedules, and supply chains for the merchant fleets to ensure that goods are always delivered where they will be most needed, and will earn the best profit. House Mallob's finances and organizational structure are legendary for their complexity.`
	"SP-311" `The spaceport on Mars is situated next to the northern Polar Basin, one of the few places where, post-terraforming, a natural lake exists. Here, far more trees grow than elsewhere on the planet, and in the few warm months when the lake is not frozen, Mars almost looks like a friendly place.`
	"SP-312" `The spaceport is a set of four skyscrapers joined by bridges and platforms at various levels. Hangars are built directly into the towers themselves, with deflector shield generators set up to ensure that ships do not crash, intentionally or otherwise, while approaching the towers to dock. Inside, all the floors and walls are gleaming granite, with teams of workers constantly polishing everything to ensure that not even so much as a fingerprint smudge is visible.`
	"SP-313" `The spaceport is large but efficient, plastered in bright and friendly colors much like the landscape surrounding it. Most of the buildings are organic in shape, arcing and bubbling from place to place like seafoam. Despite the fanciful design, they also appear to be servicing a large volume of travellers, merchants, and military personnel, with color-coded lines leading to different areas.`
	"SP-314" `The spaceport is a sprawling complex of hangars and warehouses connected by covered walkways and underground tunnels. Because it has grown larger and larger over the millennia as this world's population increased, the spaceport's current layout is maze-like and seemingly random. Colored stripes painted on the floors mark the pathways between the major sections of the complex, and many local children earn a living just by wandering around offering to give directions to visitors who seem to be lost.`
	"SP-315" `The spaceport of Melenci has a variety of what you would assume to be advertisements for genetic operations. One displays a graphic of two animated Bunrodeans in a mine. One is injected with a needle and then becomes much bulkier. The mine then collapses in on the two, and the Bunrodean who was genetically modified is shown coming out of the rubble unscathed, while the other is pulled out with bent limbs and placed on a stretcher.`
	"SP-316" `The local government has not yet seen the need to set aside funds to replace the spaceport built by the original settlers: mostly just a collection of poured concrete pads where larger ships can land without sinking into the sand of the desert.`
	"SP-317" `	They have added some large hangars for richer clients and Navy ships, however, and over the years more and more buildings have sprung up along the periphery of the landing field.`
	"SP-318" `The spaceport is on the largest island on the planet. The marketplace is a large, open plaza down by the docks, where the captains of whichever city-ships are moored here at the moment can sell their goods directly to customers. Behind the plaza are large warehouses. If a storm approaches, the goods can quickly be moved inside, while the ships launch out into the deep sea where they have a better chance of weathering the storm without being smashed against the rocks.`
	"SP-319" `	The entire port is filled with the almost overpowering smell of fish. You have heard that this is the best place in the galaxy for good, cheap sushi, but the smell is doing nothing for your appetite.`
	"SP-320" `Although most of this planet is rural agricultural land, the spaceport is on the outskirts of a large and prosperous city. Ten thousand years ago, in the early days of Arach interstellar travel, this city was the home of the wealthy investors and business people who funded the farming settlements, and who moved here with their families to escape the pollution and conflict on their home world of Ahr.`
	"SP-321" `The spaceport is located in the center of the city of New Reykjavik, a bustling metropolis which is also Midgard's center of government. The port was built five hundred years ago, and its architecture is much more conservative than other ports in the Deep: instead of domes and rounded, wavy surfaces, it is a collection of tall, square granite towers, connected by bridges at various levels. Most of the hotels and restaurants are in a central tower, slightly higher than the others.`
	"SP-322" `	There is no central marketplace; instead, you can just buy or sell cargo from a computer terminal and a robotic forklift will arrive at your docking bay to carry it.`
	"SP-323" `The relative opulence of this spaceport means that the walkways and doorways are big enough to be comfortable not only for the diminutive Kimek, but for the Arachi and even the Saryds as well, and the three species mingle here in roughly even numbers. The spaceport even has a few gardens and parks, as a concession to the Saryd need for quiet and beautiful spaces.`
	"SP-324" `This spaceport is ugly. It was designed not for the pleasure of sight, but for processing as many people through it as possible, without collapsing onto itself.`
	"SP-325" `	As the population of Millrace has grown, the spaceport has been continually expanded to support the increase in immigration; you can recognize the different sections because in the newer ones the bare concrete walls are lighter and have accumulated less soot and grime. Most of the restaurants are of the greasy spoon variety.`
	"SP-326" `	Beyond the spaceport, you can see endless rows of apartment buildings receding into the horizon. Any variation in design or color from one to the next is well-hidden by the layers of filth.`
	"SP-327" `This spaceport appears to be a tourist destination. The architecture is different than on other Hai worlds, and much more primitive: stone and mortar instead of polished metal. However, all the buildings are in good repair: despite their ancient appearance, they must be maintained and rebuilt on a regular basis.`
	"SP-328" `The smog is so thick here that you could barely see the landing pad until you were only half a kilometer above it. At street level, the smog is less evident, but the air leaves a faint metallic taste in your mouth.`
	"SP-329" `	The spaceport, like the rest of this city, is overcrowded, with people walking along the narrow streets and trying to thread their way in between large cargo trucks loaded with crates. You see signs for restaurants of every variety imaginable, but most of them look dirty and dimly lit.`
	"SP-330" `Apart from the spaceport facilities, almost none of Mordente Cylinder is pressurized. Making up most of its armored hull is a micro-gravity shipyard, which despite not being subject to a central government and defense force has remained quite busy. Worker shuttles are busily flying about the large space, tending to a multitude of ships; you notice that a few of them are also engaged in constructing new vessels.`
	"SP-331" `The spaceport is large and busy, and sits situated at the foot of a mountain. Small shops and tents sit abreast advertisements and large metallic statues of various sorts, many of which seem weather-worn and unmaintained.`
	"SP-332" `	At the edges of the port, there is a large ongoing construction project to expand it; you can count dozens of half-completed hangars each large enough for several freighters.`
	"SP-333" `The spaceport is large and busy, situated at the foot of a mountain, and seems more haphazard than most Successor spaceports you've seen. Small shops and tents sit abreast advertisements for the latest generation of Pulse Laser and statues of important figures in the high houses, many of which seem weather-worn and unmaintained.`
	"SP-334" `Most of the station is closed off to you, but you are told that if you want you may visit the large military mess hall, where hundreds of Navy members and local militia sit and eat or watch the news videos. You would normally expect a military mess hall to be a noisy, rowdy place, but this one is almost eerily silent, with a few quiet conversations going on in the corners but otherwise no noise except the video screens.`
	"SP-335" `The spaceport here is rudimentary: a collection of concrete landing pads clustered around a single large building. The building is designed with layers of color and rounded spires that mimic the canyonlands. From a distance, it would be indistinguishable from the natural rock outcroppings if it were not for the glitter of sunlight off the windows. Inside, people move at a slower and calmer pace than you have seen elsewhere in the Deep.`
	"SP-336" `The spaceport is closer to being a giant array of dry docks than a true port, with the available amenities confined to the bare essentials. You can easily see a dozen warships under construction, with Avgi workers and robotic arms alike working together to churn ships out every day.`
	"SP-337" `The spaceport is at the very center of a city that is laid out with perfect radial symmetry: six sectors, each with their own markets, schools, and other public services, and clusters of skyscrapers that can each house a million individuals. The spaceport itself is also symmetrical, with a concourse in the center and smaller and smaller landing pads radiating out from it so that the largest freighters have easiest access.`
	"SP-338" `The spaceport is on the outskirts of one of New Argentina's largest towns... which has a population of barely ten thousand people. Many of the dock workers are teenagers or barely past their teens, children of ranchers who are not drawn to the solitary sort of life that their parents enjoy. Aside from the church and the hospital, the largest building in town is "The Grange," a function hall with a sign out front advertising square dances and line dances three nights a week.`
	"SP-339" `	The Grange is currently set up for Remembrance Day celebrations. The population inside consists mostly of the older residents of the planet, many of them likely having traveled tens of thousands of kilometers to arrive here.`
	"SP-340" `The spaceport is nothing but a couple of landing pads on the outskirts of one of the larger mining villages, high up on a mountain ridge to allow easy access for starships. A few roads lead down from there to the village, where you can trade for local goods or get food from the miners' cafeteria.`
	"SP-341" `	By the time you have walked to the center of the town, several people have already tried to sell you large "diamonds" that you strongly suspect are just clear sapphires.`
	"SP-342" `	The village itself is abuzz for Remembrance Day. Various exhibits have been set up, displaying either replicas of the planet's largest sapphires, or the real deals. You recall seeing a cheesy Remembrance Day movie about a heist for one such sapphire when you were younger.`
	"SP-343" `Someday New Boston may be a prosperous enough planet to afford a better spaceport, but not yet. Many of the concrete landing pads have sunk into the muddy soil over the years since they were poured, and are now tilted and uneven.`
	"SP-344" `	The market where ship captains buy and sell cargo is a large tent rather than a permanent building, but it is sturdy enough to keep off the rain. Loads are brought in and out by trucks and the occasional hovercraft. Here some enterprising local mechanics have set up not only a repair shop and outfitter, but also a shipyard with several small, refurbished ships for sale.`
	"SP-345" `	A smaller tent has been set up beside the market. Inside are various pamphlets for Remembrance Day events occurring on New Boston.`
	"SP-346" `The spaceport is a granite ziggurat, a step pyramid with landing pads and hangars on each level. On the top levels are the dining areas and meeting rooms for corporate visitors; the lower floors provide warehouse and storage space.`
	"SP-347" `	Compared to the relatively traditional architecture of the city nearby, the spaceport looks out of place, even absurd. But to the locals, it is meant as a clear display to visitors that even though they are in a region of space known for poor and sparsely populated worlds, this particular world is far more developed.`
	"SP-348" `	In celebration of Remembrance Day, the night sky above the port is densely occupied by choreographed drone formations, starship stunt flying, and firework showcases.`
	"SP-349" `The "new port" here was built several centuries ago, when the grand but impractical spaceport built by the original settlers had deteriorated to the point where it was no longer usable. This port is much simpler by comparison: just a ring of landing pads of various sizes around a large central building with ten levels of warehouse space accessible by freight elevator.`
	"SP-350" `	There are always locals hanging around the port, some of them mere children, who are trying to find a cheap ride off-planet.`
	"SP-351" `The New Finding spaceport is in a canyon, with hangars cut into both the canyon walls and delicate covered bridges linking them together. Attempting to land here without crashing into anything is a harrowing experience.`
	"SP-352" `	The bottom of the canyon is a bright green ribbon of trees and plants that stands out in sharp contrast against the red and yellow layers of sandstone.`
	"SP-353" `The spaceport is near the equator, but it is still cold enough that there is always some snow on the ground.`
	"SP-354" `	You have never seen as many people in fur coats as there are here; what might be considered a luxury elsewhere is a necessity here, where the cheapest clothing material is the pelts of indigenous animals.`
	"SP-355" `	From the size of the claws hanging decoratively off some of the coats, you have to give a grudging respect to the hunters. High fashion is not an industry that usually involves risk of dismemberment.`
	"SP-356" `	New Greenland was one of the worlds occupied during the Alpha Wars. Despite this, Remembrance Day celebrations on New Greenland are quite humble, with most simply going about business as usual.`
	"SP-357" `The spaceport is on the fringes of one of the factory towns. In the distance are row after row of identical brick buildings; in the opposite direction, a safe distance from the city, are the cooling towers of several nuclear power plants. The port itself is laid out for maximum efficiency in loading and unloading cargo regardless of the weather or time of day: a row of hangars, open at one side to ships coming in and departing, and on the other to a road carrying a steady stream of trucks.`
	"SP-358" `	Modest Remembrance Day decorations have been set up around the spaceport, along with a sampling of the planet's produce. In the distance, you can see marginally more lavish decorations set up within the main city.`
	"SP-359" `Almost as soon as you stepped off your ship, your eyes began to sting. You try to breathe as shallowly as possible.`
	"SP-360" `	This port consists of a single large hangar, only big enough for two or three Bulk Freighters, plus some overflow landing pads and old rusted storage sheds outside. There is a small cafeteria, offering you a choice between two kinds of soup, some pre-made sandwiches, or the hot meal of the day.`
	"SP-361" `	The caustic climate makes it difficult for the local populace to celebrate Remembrance Day properly, though a small entourage has gathered in the cafeteria regardless.`
	"SP-362" `New India's spaceport is a ring of low wooden buildings around a wide landing area paved with concrete slabs. Around the perimeter carts of trade goods are driven, some being pulled by tractors and others, by horses or oxen. You even think you see a few carts being pulled by water buffalo.`
	"SP-363" `	Most of the buildings are for storage, but from somewhere nearby you can smell fresh-baked bread.`
	"SP-364" `	Despite the relative recency of settlement, Remembrance Day celebrations appear to be occurring, with Alpha Wars ballads audible from one of the spaceport buildings.`
	"SP-365" `The spaceport includes several stores selling wool garments, each worth easily ten times as much as the clothes you are wearing. A few of the visitors milling around seem genuinely interested in the clothing, but most of them, like you, are just ship captains who see wool clothing as nothing more than a pricey luxury good that can be sold elsewhere for a good profit.`
	"SP-366" `	In the western part of the spaceport, you can see several people showing off knitted Remembrance Day memorabilia, both for sale and personal display.`
	"SP-367" `	The port authority employs several people on horseback whose sole job is to keep the landing pads clear of wild sheep.`
	"SP-368" `The largest town on New Portland has set aside a landing area for ships, but it is barely what could be called a spaceport. Aside from the refueling station and a few sheds, there are no other buildings, just an open field of packed gravel, with grass and weeds peeking up in places where it has avoided the blast from landing spacecraft. A few farmers have parked wagons here and are trading food and other goods with the visiting ships.`
	"SP-369" `	It appears that the spaceport has not been embellished for Remembrance Day. The main celebrations are likely taking place in the planet's individual towns.`
	"SP-370" `The spaceport consists of a few large concrete slabs, each big enough for a dozen small ships or a pair of Bulk Freighters to land on. Farther away are fields of solar panels and the factories that they power. The spaceport buildings themselves, however, are underground, where less energy is needed to keep the air cool. Light pipes bring sunlight down from the surface to illuminate the subterranean storage caverns and living quarters, while keeping the searing heat of the sunlight out.`
	"SP-371" `	The living quarters have been modestly decorated for Remembrance Day, with ceremonial flags displayed inside the dining hall and Alpha Wars medals set up along a corridor, each one belonging to an ancestor of those who immigrated here.`
	"SP-372" `The spaceport is in a valley, surrounded by mountains so high that their tops are often lost in the clouds. From the port town, tourists can ride a cog railway to the tops of several of the tallest mountains nearby.`
	"SP-373" `	Most of the buildings in town are wood framed, and some are old fashioned half-timber buildings with whitewashed plaster packed in between the beams. It is not a technologically advanced world, but it is a very beautiful place.`
	"SP-374" `The spaceport is in a hilly region, just outside of the largest city, with a view of a valley full of farms that stretch for tens of kilometers, all the way down to the ocean.`
	"SP-375" `	The port is much less modern than the city nearby; it was built by the early settlers and has not been significantly updated since then, because the focus has been on improving life for the locals, not for their occasional visitors.`
	"SP-376" `	Befitting their isolationist stance, the port has not been dolled up for Remembrance Day, though you are able to make out a celebration taking place in the city below.`
	"SP-377" `As you walk through the spaceport, scattered amidst the bars and black-markets, you notice a surprising number of religious buildings. There are a variety of churches, synagogues, mosques, temples, and others you can't quite remember the names of. Most of the shops are run not by pirates, but by ordinary folk, many wearing religious garb. The citizens here interact with pirates with friendliness and warmth, rather than the hostility and fear you see on other pirate worlds.`
	"SP-378" `	The relative peace is frequently broken by a pirate band wandering through the spaceport. While perhaps an auditory nuisance, the pirates here are generally more obedient and disciplined than those seen on other planets. Their ships are more advanced too, judging by the armaments and engines you noticed in the hangar.`
	"SP-379" `The warehouses at the spaceport are kept under continuous guard due to the high value of the refined metals they contain. There are several missile silos and surface-to-air laser turrets as well; New Wales has survived multiple pirate attacks in the last decade.`
	"SP-380" `	Within the spaceport cafeteria, however, the locals are quite friendly and excited to connect with visitors and hear news of the outside world. The cafeteria is cooking lamb stew, and the smell of it pervades the whole building.`
	"SP-381" `	Some of the locals discuss their Remembrance Day plans in the cafeteria. One of them asks you how other planets celebrate the day.`
	"SP-382" `In this narrow ring between the baking sun of New Washington's day side, and the endless night beyond, a few native plants and animals still flourish: weirdly colored trees and grasses, and a few insect-like creatures flying among them.`
	"SP-383" `	Rats, accidentally introduced by the settlers, also flourish here. A small, nearly deserted cafeteria is selling stew and mashed potatoes. You are almost certain the stew is made with rat meat.`
	"SP-384" `	The cafeteria is littered with Remembrance Day memorabilia: flags of corporations from a long gone era, recruitment posters for a war that has ended, banners for a victory still ongoing. Judging by how haphazardly everything is strewn about, you assume that whoever put the decorations out must be rather lazy.`
	"SP-385" `The roads in the spaceport are very wide, so that Hai ranchers can lead their massive, sheep-like beasts along them. The animals seem docile enough, but their size is alarming.`
	"SP-386" `	Most of the shops only sell clothing made for the Hai, but a few enterprising artisans have responded to the growing human population in the spaceport district and begun making clothing for humans as well: larger dimensions, and no tail holes in the pants.`
	"SP-387" `The port is located near the equator, but the air is still uncomfortably cold. As with many of the fanciest buildings in the Deep, the spaceport here is built of carbon fiber and plastic composite instead of more traditional materials. The particular composite used here is slightly translucent, so the hallways and hangars are all bathed in dim and diffuse sunlight.`
	"SP-388" `	The spaceport is large enough to house ten times the number of people and ships that are currently here.`
	"SP-389" `The spaceport is on a small island, but well above the high water mark. The mixture of ocean spray and fog and drizzling rain is enough to turn your clothes damp even just on the short walk from your landing pad to the main cluster of buildings.`
	"SP-390" `	Thankfully the weather is warm, but you are glad to find a cozy, dry, and welcoming space in the coffeehouse across from the warehouse district.`
	"SP-391" `The spaceport is on one of the larger islands, a network of small buildings connected by bridges and raised up on enormous stilts about fifty meters high. Cargo winches are used to load and unload cargo from the boats that dock below. Starships dock in individual hangars, to protect them from the wind.`
	"SP-392" `	The whole complex sways slightly, almost imperceptibly, as if it were a large boat at sea. The walkways all have tall railings, but you still find yourself afraid to venture too near the edge or to look down at the island and the sea below. The locals, however, walk swiftly and gracefully, with no sign of fear.`
	"SP-393" `The spaceport is built right beside a large shipyard, allowing visitors to look on at the impressive manufacturing apparatus of the New Houses while going about their business. Despite its relatively small size, the spaceport is very busy, with ships constantly launching and landing and a general air of haste among all the Successors you see.`
	"SP-394" `Most cargo on Oasis is carried by horse-drawn wagons. Some of them are made of steel, but others seem to be built of hand-hewn wood. The sight of horses drawing loads onto and off of gleaming starships is almost surreal.`
	"SP-395" `The spaceport is a long landing strip paved in asphalt, with warehouses on either side of it constructed from stone and mortar. Inside are stacked lead-lined crates of radioactive materials for sale.`
	"SP-396" `	Unlike many Dirt Belt worlds, you see few curious children watching ships land or playing among the buildings; this is not the sort of world where many people choose to put down roots and build a family.`
	"SP-397" `	The people of Oblivion are not particularly keen on celebrating Remembrance Day. It appears that the younger population of the planet have little concern for events from several centuries ago.`
	"SP-398" `The spaceport, which consists of a wide promenade running around the interior of the station, seems to be divided into two distinct areas: the lower level, which contains all manner of amenities, services, and food places, and the upper level, which hosts the official Yoot Ki sales center in addition to a suite of different facilities for various research institutes. As it turns out, the powerful magnetic field of the world below also has certain advantages for scientific experiments.`
	"SP-399" `	A holographic sign floating next to the stairs proudly states that over 7,000 years have elapsed since the last fatal safety accident.`
	"SP-400" `While technically part of the system's "Guardian" military complex, there's little to no Heliarch control over the free space in this station, so a few shops and branded restaurants have opened up to serve the local workers and occasional visitors. Whether by necessity due to the lack of services in the system, or simply out of boredom within the monotony of the station, the food here is by far the best in the system and even better than on some Coalition planets.`
	"SP-401" `	With the exclusive goal of serving as a large-scale refinery, the station has far less living space than the system's main attraction, often leading to semi-crowded areas in spite of the low amount of pedestrian traffic here.`
	"SP-402" `The spaceport of Okoity is completely packed with Bunrodeans. You have little room to maneuver as you explore the spaceport while trying to not bump into anyone. Many of the Bunrodeans here show signs of being genetically engineered, from Bunrodeans with extra limbs to one that you see up high climbing on walls and jumping from building to building to avoid the crowd below.`
	"SP-403" `A few Scin in the spaceport are equipped with what looks like heavy mining gear instead of normal pilot attire, and are never seen boarding any spacecraft. Rather than cautious, they appear to be genuinely curious of your presence, staring at you in fascination. Presumably, these Scin spend most of their days deep in this planet's mines, so seeing anything beyond minerals or machinery, let alone foreigners, is quite astonishing to them.`
	"SP-404" `The station's spaceport is spacious, with room for the many small drones used to harvest other asteroids in the belt. Several berths are also open to larger mining vessels, with a few occupied at the moment.`
	"SP-405" `The spaceport is hosted in one of the many pressurized domes adorning the surface of the planetoid, with a large airlock in the ceiling enabling passage between the station itself and the cold black of space outside.`
	"SP-406" `The only amenities in what passes for the "spaceport" are a refueling station and small repair shop. As ships do not generally linger after refueling or transferring their cargo, a skeleton crew is the only permanent inhabitants of the station, and most accommodations are reserved for this crew.`
	"SP-407" `The spaceport is somewhat cramped, being mostly intended for the intrasystem ships used in asteroid mining. A flexible docking arm allows larger ships to be moored off the asteroid, but you are able to barely squeeze your ship into the main hangar.`
	"SP-408" `The spaceport is on one of the smaller islands, where the outside contagions brought in by visiting ships - including the rats and insects that inevitably stow away inside cargo crates - can be kept in isolation. The spaceport is located on a mountain slope immediately above a sea port, where visitors can charter a ship to one of the other islands. The warehouses for incoming and outgoing supplies are massive, but have been dug partly into the mountain so that the part of them that extends above ground is less prominent.`
	"SP-409" `The intake section has a consistently high traffic, mostly made up of Coalition merchants supplying the station and leaving with shipments of fuel to take to other Arach worlds. The science section seems to be completely closed off to non-Heliarchs. Considering that the work done here should be relatively benign, the station may also serve other purposes.`
	"SP-410" `Having very little in the form of windows to look out into the system, and not much to gaze at the small, barren planet it encompasses, the station sees very few visitors--mostly cargo haulers bringing in supplies for the crew staffed here or the occasional university groups coming to visit the particle accelerator and deepen their knowledge.`
	"SP-411" `An extensive set of docks and shipyards makes up the innermost portion of the station's disc, and you can see dozens of ships in various states of completion.`
	"SP-412" `	The usual amenities often located on a station of this size fill a dense ring of shops, restaurants, and other services surrounding the spaceport, but many in the Assembly are considering expanding the spaceport outwards at their expense.`
	"SP-413" `The workers grudgingly refuel your ship, but it is quite clear that you are out of place here. Nearly everyone in the spaceport is wearing a lab coat or a uniform, and several groups of people halt their conversations as soon as you pass within earshot.`
	"SP-414" `The port consists of a large atmospheric dome, with landing pads and airlocks around the periphery. Although brief exposure to the air is not considered harmful, you find yourself holding your breath as you run from your ship to the airlock.`
	"SP-415" `	Inside the dome, hanging gardens and open park land create a much more hospitable place, but the spaceport is nearly deserted, aside from one small pub that seems to be full of mine workers whose shift has just ended.`
	"SP-416" `The spaceport is built on the slopes of a dormant volcano, and only has space for a few dozen ships to land at any one time. Too few visitors come here to support any shops or restaurants in the spaceport itself. In the village, the cheapest and most abundant food is a variety of soups, cakes, and puddings that all look and smell as if they are made from processed algae.`
	"SP-417" `The starport is a hodgepodge of small metal structures, built from the remains of Navy and pirate ships that fought for control of this world. The locals are unusually courteous and proud to welcome you to their planet.`
	"SP-418" `	The tavern in the center of the port is named The Parting Glass. Its walls are covered in photographs from after the war, all taken here on Poisonwood: freed slaves boarding Navy ships to leave the planet that brought them so much pain; Navy officers disembarking to retire on the world that they liberated; friends gone away, and friends left behind. It is a strange feeling to sit here so deeply immersed in signs of a history that you had no part in.`
	"SP-419" `	A sign advertises a Remembrance Day special for half-price drinks.`
	"SP-420" `The station has no normal spaceport - only a small docking area. Most of the people present appear to be workers, as opposed to visiting captains.`
	"SP-421" `	Most of the ships are delivering minerals, but some also deliver supplies from Redias. In a small area separated from the rest there is a constant buzzing of small transport ships transporting civilians in both directions.`
	"SP-422" `The spaceport is on one of the larger archipelagos. It is built half on land, and half over the water, with a series of bridges and wide canals allowing foot traffic above and cargo barges below. The bridges are built with stone arches rather than steel truss structures, partly to allow more clearance for boats below but also partly just for appearance. For a spaceport, it is an unusually beautiful place.`
	"SP-423" `The spaceport is a long, multi-story building designed to look like a carrier starship, but much larger. It is built mostly of steel and glass, with the sturdy beams and girders that support the building visible on the inside, giving it the look of a ship still in construction, whose interior has not yet been fully fitted out. In nearby hangars, final assembly is being done on ships, some of which have been completed and are now for sale.`
	"SP-424" `The primary spaceport here is marked by an enormous collection of arches forming an open-air dome. Based on the power cables and devices attached to the sides of the arches, you suspect that the entire dome can be protected by an energy shield if necessary. Inside it, landing platforms jut out from the arches at many different levels.`
	"SP-425" `The spaceport here is a set of seven tall towers of varying heights, each with landing pads jutting out from its sides like leaves from the stalk of a plant. The towers are joined to each other at various levels by arches.`
	"SP-426" `The spaceport is a single, enormous hangar built as a geodesic dome. It is filled with the constant dull roar of rain beating against the dome from above. When an especially strong blast of wind strikes the dome, its joints flex slightly and you can see the whole structure ripple and move.`
	"SP-427" `	Amenities here are minimal: a small cafeteria selling hot drinks and warm stew, and a marketplace mostly filled with stacks of refined steel and aluminum and titanium for sale. A smaller stack of lead-lined crates hold radioactive metals. The air is not particularly cold here, but it is very damp, and the howling weather outside seems to weigh on everyone's spirits.`
	"SP-428" `The spaceport is located right on the equator and is a massive, sprawling affair with several enormous racks of cargo containers stretching out into the distance, clearly awaiting transport on soon-arriving freighters. The ground is wet from a sprinkler system that maintains a constant thin film of water all throughout the spaceport's exterior. The Successors, lacking shoes, must appreciate this for reducing friction between their arms and the relatively rough and uncomfortable concrete.`
	"SP-429" `Upon setting down, the landing pad releases a billowing sheet of clear water-repellant material that covers your ship, presumably as some sort of protection against the rain. The spaceport itself is low and small and decorated with strips of the same material that gently ruffle in the wind, almost like the sails of an ancient ocean-going ship. The water collects in carefully-sculpted channels that run all over the surface of the building, occasionally collecting in small pools or spreading out into delicate branch-like networks built into the ground.`
	"SP-430" `	Remembrance Day celebrations on Rand are sparse. It appears that most people have opted to return to their families on other planets to celebrate the day, though in one corner of the spaceport, you can hear a group of friends singing Alpha Wars folk songs.`
	"SP-431" `Because of the size of their homeworld, the Incipias have built not one but four spaceports. These spaceports are the only platforms on the planet with fixed positions. They were built at an atmospheric level where the planet's storms are not so strong, but they still require a great deal of energy to be held in place.`
	"SP-432" `	The spaceports themselves are giant circular platforms with a few of the Incipias' housing spheres at the bottom. Traffic is negligible because only one ship can land at each spaceport at a time.`
	"SP-433" `Many of the Kimek and Arachi tourists here are rather scantily clad, wearing what must be their equivalent of swimwear. Of the few Saryds who are mingling with them, most are clad from head to hoof in thin white robes that block the glaring sun. Apparently Saryds have a more conservative sense of modesty than the other Coalition species.`
	"SP-434" `	Many of the shops and restaurants have signs on the doors that are oddly reminiscent of human beach towns: the signs explain pictorially that all patrons must be wearing pants.`
	"SP-435" `The spaceport here is located in the only recognized city on Relic, and it's only designed to handle the occasional merchant or Navy ship on its way to or from Earth. It doesn't even use standard landing pads used on most other planets. Instead, the natives seem to have set up some concrete slabs next to some gas pumps and called it a day. Despite this, proximity to Earth's traffic guarantees a few ships land at the spaceport every day. A running joke among the locals is that the chief industry of Relic is the gas station.`
	"SP-436" `There are almost no non-Kimek in this spaceport, and as an alien visitor from beyond Coalition space you receive a considerable amount of scrutiny. Several of the local restaurants outright refuse to serve any species but the Kimek, claiming that their patrons would lose their appetites if forced to witness the disgusting eating habits of other species. (The Kimek generally eat their food by vomiting digestive fluid onto it, waiting for it to dissolve, and then slurping up the soupy mixture.)`
	"SP-437" `The spaceport, although designed as a clean and modern building, is a place of barely controlled chaos: vendors selling food on the sides of the hallways, tourist families with young children, and even a few farmers driving cattle. People of every age and race and occupation rub shoulders here, but there is no sign of the extreme sort of poverty that you have seen on some other worlds.`
	"SP-438" `At any given time, thousands of young people are in training here to become "interpreters," the Heliarch agents who serve as translators and mediators on all the Coalition worlds. As they rise through the ranks, some of those agents will be honored by being elevated to the rank of Heliarch, gaining a voice in the selection of new consuls and perhaps one day even being selected themselves.`
	"SP-439" `	Heliarch rank is not hereditary, and the children of Heliarchs are given no special preferment for promotions or educational opportunities.`
	"SP-440" `The hallways of the spaceport echo with the footsteps of groups of marching defense force cadets. Each group contains a mixture of Saryds, Kimek, and Arachi, to help them learn allegiance to all the peoples of the Coalition instead of just identifying with their own species.`
	"SP-441" `	The designer who invented the Heliarch uniforms, with a distinctive style that unifies them despite the wildly different body shapes of the three species, must have been an absolute genius.`
	"SP-442" `Most of this ringworld is off-limits to everyone but the Heliarch scientists, not just for the sake of secrecy but also for safety. When the Heliarchs first began exploring the machinery of this ringworld, hundreds of them died in explosions, gas leaks, and power discharges after trying to cut their way into inaccessible areas. More recently, an entire team of scientists vanished from one of the main hangars without a trace and without any sign of resistance.`
	"SP-443" `Only a few small alien transports can be seen docked with this station, hooked up to strange devices that seem to match the designs of their ships. Other than that, the aliens' presence here seems to be kept at an extreme minimum, with at most one or two seen passing by occasionally.`
	"SP-444" `The spaceport is a gleaming, modern steel structure, with docks extending out from it like spokes from an axle, and magnetic clamps to hold ships of any size.`
	"SP-445" `	As you walk into the building, you cannot help gawking. Most of the shops are staffed by robots instead of human beings, and the elevators are so smooth and silent that you can hardly tell they are moving at all. Even though you know that all this technology was provided by the marketing department of Kraz Cybernetics as a showcase of their capabilities, you cannot help but be inspired by this vision of what the future of all planets might some day be.`
	"SP-446" `Although this is a Kimek world, the spaceport and the surrounding city more closely resembles Saryd architecture. This port was developed in the days when the Kimek had first made contact with the other species of the Coalition, and were still in awe of the technological sophistication of the Saryds.`
	"SP-447" `	The original architecture also borrowed heavily from the Quarg, but anything reminiscent of them was stripped away after the Coalition's rebellion succeeded.`
	"SP-448" `This spaceport is relatively unpopulated for a station of this size, and the few Korath who are here are wandering about with the sort of deeply absorbed attitude you would expect from a scientist or an academic.`
	"SP-449" `	In one corner of the spaceport is a cage housing several large rodents and some small shrubs, lit by a warm sun-lamp. The rodents are quite acrobatic.`
	"SP-450" `The spaceport facility is on an island in the center of a river, surrounded by a city so large that the rows of skyscrapers stretch all the way to the horizon. Civilian aircraft, boats, and cargo trucks swarm around the spaceport, bringing goods and people to and from the residences and the outlying factories.`
	"SP-451" `Sardva has no single major spaceport, with each vault location supporting its own small spaceport for receiving shipments and refueling the freighters. You eventually find a vault that is willing to let you land so that you may refuel, but they don't seem too happy about your presence, and seem like they're only refueling you so that you stop asking every vault you come across.`
	"SP-452" `The main spaceport is on the outskirts of a large city near the planet's equator, supposedly not far from the place where the Saryds launched their first rockets to explore their own solar system. It has all the standard accoutrements of a tourist trap, including stall after stall of vendors selling food or articles of clothing, and mobs of wide-eyed visitors wandering about and generally getting in the way of the merchant captains trying to conduct actual business here.`
	"SP-453" `The spaceport takes full advantage of its zero-gravity nature; loading docks extend into the distance at all angles and magnetic cargo trains circle and arch around the interior. Most of the walkable areas of the port are enclosed in a giant cylindrical shell rotating around the docks such that you can watch your docked ship pass by overhead every couple of minutes.`
	"SP-454" `	There is no "dry" access to any of the residential areas of the station; instead of normal corridors or elevators, large tubes of gently circulating water carry the Successors to other sections. The station directory indicates that outfitting services are among those separated from the main port by one of these tubes; unfortunately, it doesn't seem like they're going to be accessible to you.`
	"SP-455" `The spaceport station is a cylindrical tower rising above the snowdrifts, anchored to the volcanic rock of one of the few islands that protrudes above the ice sheets near the equator. Near the station a hole about ten meters in diameter has been bored through the ice to allow submersible research craft access to the ocean depths.`
	"SP-456" `	There are relatively few permanent inhabitants here; most of the people in the spaceport are just crews stopping over to refuel while coming to or from the Heliarch ringworlds.`
	"SP-457" `A surprising number of Saryds and Arachi are wandering through this spaceport, conversing with the locals and sampling the food that is served here while they wait either for transport off-world or for local flights to other parts of the planet's surface. Apparently this is something of a tourist destination.`
	"SP-458" `The spaceport facility is a kilometer-tall pyramid honeycombed with tunnels wide enough for a pair of Bulk Freighters to pass each other with plenty of room to spare. There is no single central warehouse district or meeting area. Instead, each cluster of docking bays is surrounded by its own storage facilities, food courts, and concourses.`
	"SP-459" `The spaceport city has a ring of searchlights perpetually pointed skyward to direct ships in to a landing in the fog in case their other instruments malfunction. Entire sectors of the city are off limits to non-Saryd visitors, and presumably are home to the secret research labs where advanced medicines and other technologies are being developed.`
	"SP-460" `From the outside this station appears as run-down as their other facilities, but the interior is meticulously clean. Also, everything outside the delivery bay is restricted space, under heavy military guard.`
	"SP-461" `Despite your lack of knowledge of Korath health and anatomy, it is clear that the inhabitants of this station are under-fed and overworked. Also, an alarming number of them are missing fingers, hands, or entire limbs. It is quite possible that the work in the refineries is even more dangerous than the job of the raiders attacking human space.`
	"SP-462" `The spaceport's landing pads are just a set of flat cleared areas on top of a mesa, surrounding a jumble of small adobe buildings.`
	"SP-463" `	Inside the spaceport, scientists in lab coats rub shoulders with "snake wranglers" who ride in and out on horseback, dressed in denim and wearing oversized straw hats. The whole place smells of antiseptic and manure.`
	"SP-464" `A smelter is never a safe place to work, and some of the machinery looks very old, but you get the feeling that the Korath on this station are in relatively good spirits nonetheless. The cafe in the spaceport is bustling, and every few hours a bell rings and about a third of the workers leave the factory floor and are replaced by fresh and rested ones.`
	"SP-465" `This spaceport is the only place where you have encountered Efreti food that actually smells appetizing, possibly the Korath equivalent of barbecue. Go any further, however, and the smell of animals in corrals ruins your appetite. Occasionally, as you walk by the stalls, one of the cattle will lower its head to sniff at you. The yaks seem docile enough, if a bit undernourished, but their horns are alarming.`
	"SP-466" `The spaceport is built at the base of a mountain. At the peak of the mountain is the Starlit University, one of the premier Saryd institutions of higher learning, elevated above the ordinary world of the forest below so that the students can remain detached and focused on their education.`
	"SP-467" `	Given the number of boisterous young Saryds who are galloping about the spaceport at an undignified pace, some of whom are stumbling and showing other signs of inebriation, it is possible that the University's attempts to keep the youth secluded in an ivory tower of learning are not entirely successful.`
	"SP-468" `The spaceport here is built almost entirely underground, and populated mostly by research scientists; very few Saryds have chosen to call this planet home, although it does draw the occasional adventurous tourist. In a few large caverns they have installed sun lamps and planted groves of trees to make up for the relative lack of vegetation on the surface.`
	"SP-469" `	The atmosphere outside the port is breathable, but not terribly pleasant.`
	"SP-470" `The spaceport is state-of-the-art. So are the laser turrets and missile silos spaced out along its periphery. But somehow, instead of making you feel more secure, the defenses only serve to remind you of how far on the fringes of civilization you are, and of how rich this planet is compared to some of its neighbors. Everyone walking through the port is moving at a brisk, purposeful pace; loitering and sightseeing are not encouraged here.`
	"SP-471" `The spaceport is built on a large rock beach in the northern hemisphere, with a number of large fabric shades covering important areas. A substantial portion of the port is devoted to offloading mined items, and surprisingly, there is also a large and healthily-populated tourist section, which is displaying several particularly attractive stones, no doubt locally mined.`
	"SP-472" `The spaceport village is built around a large oasis, a sandy-bottomed lake with startlingly blue water. The landing pads are in the desert half a kilometer out from the village, separated from the houses by windbreaks and noise barriers to avoid disrupting the tranquil atmosphere. On balconies overlooking the lake, Saryds with graying hair walk or stand around in small groups enjoying quiet conversation with each other.`
	"SP-473" `The spaceport is protected from the wind and blowing snow by a perimeter wall about fifty meters tall. Aside from running the fueling station, one of the few jobs for the workers here is to operate the bulldozers that push away the snowdrifts and keep the station from being buried beneath them. Although the air is breathable, ships that land here connect directly to docking tubes, to protect their crews from the icy air.`
	"SP-474" `	There are no children here, and almost no women. Most of the workers are men in their early twenties. No one makes an effort to greet you.`
	"SP-475" `The spaceport on Shorebreak is built on its own separate island, perhaps as a way to keep any contamination isolated from the main continents. The hangar where you were directed to land your ship was hermetically sealed before you were allowed to land, and the customs officer informs you that any cargo you wish to trade must first be screened for "rats, mice, invasive insects, or wild pigs."`
	"SP-476" `The spaceport here is a shopping mall. You landed on a plain concrete slab near the "cargo entrance," where raw goods are bought and sold. But the other end of the building holds hangars for luxury ships and glass-windowed storefronts where mannequins are dressed in outlandish and horribly impractical outfits. There is a sparse cafeteria for dock workers near your entrance, and fancy steakhouses and seafood places for the more wealthy visitors.`
	"SP-477" `The spaceport is haphazardly built into the side of a smaller mountain, and every now and then you can feel a very faint rumbling from below. You're not sure if it is coming from beneath you or somewhere off in the distance. Construction work around the spaceport is ongoing, but it is more likely because the Vi are busy finding new places to mine for materials rather than making improvements to the spaceport itself.`
	"SP-478" `This spaceport seems a lot more militarized than other Gegno planetary spaceports, full of geared up Vi with their ships parked close by. The roar of an enormous cruiser's engines can be heard just as often as the shutting down of another. There doesn't look to be very many non-military personnel here, and it feels somewhat claustrophobic with all of the guards standing around.`
	"SP-479" `In its early days, the Silo boasted among the highest activity as compared to most other stations of its size, with merchant and military ships alike aiding in the construction process of its younger sibling stations. Over thousands of years, many of the areas dedicated to living grounds and trade centers were moved out to more accessible locations across the Coalition, swapped out in favor of storage dumps to support the increasing demand for alloy plating.`
	"SP-480" `The spaceport is near an oasis. Cactus-like plants and a few palm trees stand as tall as radio towers, on the outskirts. The landing pads are made of concrete, rising several meters above the ground to protect both against the encroaching sand and against the flash floods that come in the rare times when it rains here.`
	"SP-481" `	Under the clear sky and with white sand in all directions, the sunlight is painfully bright, and you have been warned to avoid prolonged exposure to it.`
	"SP-482" `The spaceport is built next to a large smelter where ore is processed into metal ingots. Even on a planet as inhospitable as this one, the cost of extracting metal from ore is still cheaper than the cost of shipping the ore off-world for processing. A long enclosed terminal building extends out from the smelter, with docking tubes and landing pads every few hundred meters for connecting to visiting ships. Small robotic trolleys carry cargo crates back and forth; only a handful of people are walking around here, and most of them are probably off-worlders.`
	"SP-483" `	The only sign that Remembrance Day is celebrated on this planet is a single monitor in the spaceport displaying the text, "Happy Remembrance Day!"`
	"SP-484" `The spaceport mostly consists of a row of adobe warehouses, with tin roofs polished to mirror brightness to reflect the heat of the sun. Around the warehouses is a ring of concrete landing pads. Forklift trucks carrying pallets of iron and steel ingots weave their way in between men and women on horseback and others on foot. The air is hot, but too dry to feel oppressive.`
	"SP-485" `The spaceport is a small city built under a pressurized glass dome, with a ring of hangars and landing pads around its periphery.`
	"SP-486" `	As with most Hai architecture, the dome and the buildings within it are simple and sparsely decorated, but as you walk through the city everything feels very solid, and ancient. Everything is metal, even the roads and walkways, and the center of many of the roads dips down slightly due to millennia of foot traffic slowly wearing down the metal.`
	"SP-487" `The spaceport is unusually large and clean for a planet with such a low population. It is clear that tourism here is a profitable industry. One large booth offers airplane rides to view the "dragons" up close, for anyone willing to sign a waiver; even with energy shields, it is not unheard of for a plane to be snatched out of midair by one of the creatures. Other booths offer safari tours of the forest; the tourists in line at those booths are carrying a wide variety of knives and guns.`
	"SP-488" `It is a strange but indisputable fact that pirates smell worse than ordinary human beings. In this day and age, where even the cheapest shuttlecraft at least has a sonic shower, there is no logical explanation for it, except that anarchist tendencies must somehow go hand in hand with a tendency to reject society's norms around hygiene. Here in a space station, with nothing but recycled air to breathe, the effect is overpowering.`
	"SP-489" `The core of the spaceport is two rows of hangars, back to back. Their thick metal roofs slope backwards, away from the entrance to each hangar, so that any snow or ice that slides off the roofs will not fall across the opening while ships or people are passing through. The hangars are also elevated about six meters above the ground, to protect against flash floods.`
	"SP-490" `Solace's spaceport is located in a satellite town of one of its major cities. Surrounding the spaceport is an extensive industrial park that stretches out for some distance, until the warehouses and factories abruptly give way to valleys and farmlands.`
	"SP-491" `	The spaceport serves not only for incoming and outgoing commerce, but also as a testing ground for the next generation of Delta V technology. On your way around the port you stop to watch some tests of engines so powerful that the ground shakes beneath them.`
	"SP-492" `	At the heart of the spaceport are a few bars, plus restaurants representing nearly every style of cuisine that you are familiar with. All the buildings are well maintained; this strikes you as a quite prosperous world, for this section of the galaxy.`
	"SP-493" `Sopoyra is not a very hospitable world. There are few settlements outside of the main spaceport, which is almost entirely dedicated to factories and warehouses.`
	"SP-494" `	There are freighters that will come from the north to drop off goods here, only for them to be immediately picked up by another freighter that brings the goods down south. It seems somewhat inefficient to do things this way, but must be done to be in keeping with royal decrees.`
	"SP-495" `The spaceport is fully automated, and you can see no Quarg that is not part of a ship's crew. When a ship lands on one of the landing pads on the surface an elevator moves it underground into one of the moon's many hangars. One section of the spaceport is restricted, where a large amount of warships are being lowered into what is presumably a Quarg military base.`
	"SP-496" `The spaceport is in the "highlands," a wide plateau only a few hundred meters above sea level. In all directions, the horizon is an almost perfectly flat line, varied only slightly by low hills and copses of trees.`
	"SP-497" `	The port itself consists of some grain silos and warehouses, an open air marketplace, and a barbecue restaurant with outdoor seating. The buildings are all single-story, wood-framed construction.`
	"SP-498" `The dense tree cover shades the landing pads of the spaceport and casts the whole area in dappled light that reflects softly off the moving ships. Much of the traffic at the spaceport is small shuttles and transports carrying youthful-looking groups of Successors to and from the planet; the interiors of the buildings are clean and colorful.`
	"SP-499" `The dense tree cover shades the landing pads of the spaceport and casts the whole area in dappled light that reflects softly off the moving ships. Much of the traffic at the spaceport is small shuttles and transports carrying Successor students to and from the planet; the interior of it is clean and colorful, and seems directed towards its more youthful audience, with several recruiting posters for the fleets of the various High Houses plastered on the walls.`
	"SP-500" `The spaceport is rudimentary: just a couple of landing pads, each with thick concrete walls around it to protect your ship from being buffeted by any storms that strike. The central building is a squat, windowless concrete fortress.`
	"SP-501" `	Inside, however, it is completely different: the ceilings are high, with sun-lamps that provide some sense of warmth and cheer, and native wood paneling or stucco on most of the walls to soften them.`
	"SP-502" `Despite only having the population of a small city, the arrivals deck of Starting Rubin is as crowded as the largest spaceports. Civilian ships belonging to all three Coalition species can be seen arriving or departing every couple minutes. While there doesn't seem to be any military facility, there are some civilian shops on the station, although they sell nothing but few Kimek items.`
	"SP-503" `Station Cian seems to act as a base for the military operations in this area; it even has a small Heliarch shipyard in a restricted section. Considering the isolationist planet Remote Blue is only one jump away, it's likely the station is also being used as an observational outpost, keeping an eye on the ships that travel that far.`
	"SP-504" `The largest spaceport is built on the edge of one of the smaller continents, with ample access to the sea. Along with the typical laser launch array, a Lofstrom launch loop stretches over the ocean and into the sky, capable of carrying spacecraft almost all the way to orbit.`
	"SP-505" `From above, this city has almost perfect radial symmetry, a sure sign that it was planned and built as a single unit rather than expanding at random over time. Every single building in the city is made from the same metal alloy, a dull and slightly irregular gray color. The corners of each building are slightly beveled instead of meeting at right angles.`
	"SP-506" `	Even the spaceport is symmetrical: a ring of hangars, facing outwards, at evenly spaced intervals, with warehouses and living quarters inside the ring.`
	"SP-507" `The spaceport is a large town, with a population of roughly thirty thousand. People of all races and cultures mingle freely, while keeping a wary eye open for off-worlders who may be Republic agents in disguise.`
	"SP-508" `The spaceport here is a single massive compound, a relic of its military past, with hangars of all different sizes along its periphery and gun emplacements that may still be operational even though there has been little need for them in thousands of years. A fleet of Heliarch military ships is stationed here, as well, but their role is mostly ceremonial.`
	"SP-509" `	The hallways of the compound are packed with members of all three Coalition species, most of whom walk quietly and purposefully without stopping to speak with each other.`
	"SP-510" `The spaceport is in a wide, open plain; most of the landing sites are just packed dirt. Surrounding it is nothing but farmland and forests; the nearest cities are kilometers away, presumably so that its inhabitants aren't subjected to the loud commotion of planetary spaceports and ships coming and going.`
	"SP-511" `	The buildings are short and made of wood; even the roofs are clapboard shingles rather than metal or rubber. Several farmers have brought in goods to sell; most of them came in trucks, but you also see a few horse-drawn wagons.`
	"SP-512" `There are only two concrete landing platforms in the spaceport, and that is plenty for the amount of traffic they receive. A wide cleared-off field of dirt is available beyond that in case an unusual number of ships ever need to land. The two platforms and the spaceport buildings are all built near to the tops of the hills, out of the way of the flood waters. This is both the spaceport and the only town on Sundrinker. A single road winds between a few buildings; one seems to be a saloon, and another, a general store.`
	"SP-513" `On Sunracer, the spaceport and shipyard are one and the same. As you walk among the landing pads and hangars, it is not immediately clear which ships are visiting starships undergoing minor repairs, and which are new ones under construction.`
	"SP-514" `	A series of enormous cranes tower over one section of landing pads. From them hang hull fragments, engines, and even a few small ships, each being swung from one location within the shipyard to another. Meanwhile, forklifts and flatbed trucks are weaving between the buildings in every direction.`
	"SP-515" `The spaceport promenade runs around the interior of the station and is divided into the usual two levels, but has four additional ring levels rising up from the promenade into each of the station's main branches. Almost any business or service you could want can be found here - except for an outfitter or shipyard. Apparently there is simply no room, as the docking bay must take up nearly all the station's exterior space to accommodate its massive volume of daily traffic.`
	"SP-516" `The spaceport is next door to the city's meat-packing district, which is not any more pleasant or scenic than its equivalent on a human world would be. The actual slaughterhouses are some distance outside the city limits, placed there because in the early days of the colony a particularly large longcow in its death throes went on a rampage and destroyed several city blocks before it bled out and died.`
	"SP-517" `Here, the spaceport is built very close to and partly in the ground, making it slightly dangerous for any craft trying to land here. Undeterred by the gloomy appearance of this graveyard world, the nearby Vi are occasionally chanting or lighting fires for the deceased, even while exiting their ships.`
	"SP-518" `The primary spaceport is located near a region where the icy crust is thin. The landing pads are built from enormous slabs of ice, thick enough to absorb the plume of a fusion torch. During the summer, the plumes of cryovolcanoes often surround the spaceport, tinging the tenuous sky with pale blue streaks.`
	"SP-519" `This is a sparsely populated world by Kimek standards, with a population of slightly less than a billion, but by the standards of most other species the spaceport is still a crowded and chaotic metropolis, with constant streams of traffic both on the roads and on the pedestrian walkways and footbridges. It is somewhat disconcerting to be surrounded by a sea of giant beetles scurrying back and forth between the landing pads and the port buildings.`
	"SP-520" `The spaceport consists of a vast asphalt-paved field for landing ships, and some wooden buildings a few stories tall. Most of the materials for export are stored in sheds or stacked under plastic tarps, with a few police officers clustered around them to make sure no ship picks up cargo that has not been paid for. Inside the buildings, two restaurants with different names serve an identical selection of fried foods.`
	"SP-521" `The planet's spaceport is rather small, as typically any visitors to the planet travel directly to the research facilities that they're interested in. As such, the spaceport's primary focus is simply to refuel any ships that stop by the planet and who don't have authorization to land at one of the research facilities.`
	"SP-522" `	The spaceport dock workers have more cybernetic modifications than you're used to from Bunrodeans elsewhere in their space. The worker who refuels your ship in particular is a mass of cybernetic "enhancements" ranging from powerful legs to aid in lifting crates to a vacuum cleaner attachment for dealing with spills and accidents.`
	"SP-523" `The inhabitants of Thule are notoriously suspicious of strangers. They all seem to immediately recognize you as an off-worlder, perhaps by your clothing or your accent. The food sold in the shops is like nothing you have seen elsewhere, and the natives' accents are so strong that they almost seem to be speaking a different language. You feel as if you are visiting an alien world; centuries of separation has created a culture here that is very different from your own.`
	"SP-524" `The spaceport's landing pads are all solid slabs of metal; poured concrete would be far too prone to cracking. The spaceport village itself is a sprawling collection of squat, sturdy buildings, and a sign near the entrance to the cargo warehouse reads, "Do not stack crates."`
	"SP-525" `Most of the spaceport facility is closed to non-Wanderer personnel, and apparently to many of the off-world Wanderers who are visiting, as well. The underground passageways are comfortably wide and tall for a human, but the Wanderers walking through them must tuck their wings in close to their bodies to avoid scraping against the ceilings.`
	"SP-526" `	The warning signs marking restricted areas are in the undecipherable Wanderer language, but accompanied by a symbol you easily recognize: a DNA double helix undergoing replication.`
	"SP-527" `The spaceport is nearly five hundred years old. As with many ports from that era, it is constructed as a single large complex, a towering building with hangar bay openings on all levels and a dedicated crew of flight controllers directing incoming starships in order to avoid collisions. Around the spaceport a city has developed.`
	"SP-528" `The spaceport is a long, two-story building of wood and stone with hundreds of stalls selling fruit and clothing and bad artwork.`
	"SP-529" `	Many of the starships parked here have scorch marks and dents on their hulls, a sure sign of recent battle. It is likely that some of the people walking through the port are in fact pirates, posing as civilians in order to sell stolen cargo or to take a vacation incognito.`
	"SP-530" `The mess hall is empty except for one table where some Navy officers are playing a card game. They are sitting right under a ventilation duct, and the cards keep blowing off the table; the station's low simulated gravity is not enough to hold them there.`
	"SP-531" `Within the mining complex, you find a small cafeteria with an uninspiring menu, and windows overlooking offices where dozens of people are staring at flickering video screens. Because of the low gravity, everyone moves languidly, as if in a dream. It is nearly silent.`
	"SP-532" `Most of the spaceport is filled with automated Quarg robotics that do not interact with you except to fulfill basic spaceport functions such as refueling. Occasionally, one of these robots, visually similar to the Quarg themselves, guides you through the visitable zones of the port. Otherwise, your presence here is mostly overlooked.`
	"SP-533" `Gegno of all kinds are walking to and fro, though they seem very tired and overworked. Not a lot of them seem happy with their current working conditions, but all you can do is watch from a distance in a small half-built area nearby your ship's designated docking bay. Despite the scale and number of onboard facilities that you can see, there are only a small number of Gegno making use of them.`
	"SP-534" `The spaceport village consists of several large domes which keep out the wind and driving snow. Ships enter and exit the largest of the domes through a hatch that closes as soon as they have come through.`
	"SP-535" `	Every decade or so, enough snow piles up on top of one of the domes that it is in danger of collapsing under its own weight; the locals simply move out of that dome and build another one higher up on the snowpack.`
	"SP-536" `	For Remembrance Day, several stalls have been set up to showcase items of clothing made with the planet's synthetic fabrics. However, glancing at the labels, only a small number of the items were tailored here on Tundra.`
	"SP-537" `The boats docked in this spaceport city are more numerous than the space ships, and some of them are considerably larger, as well. Almost half of the city is built on piers that extend out into the harbor with broad canals between them, but the largest and fanciest dwellings are on land, built along a ridge of hills that overlook the ocean. The air is full of the cries of gulls and the smell of fish and salt and drying seaweed.`
	"SP-538" `As a civilian, you are directed to a smaller port off to the side of one of the larger military ones. As soon as your ship touches down, the landing pad is lowered into an underground hangar and sealed off from the violent atmosphere. While this is an effective protection against the storms, you can't help but notice how it also means that you are trapped here until traffic control decides to release you.`
	"SP-539" `The depot consists mostly of large storage racks, with automatic lifts constantly clanking up and down. Very few people are in sight, aside from a small cafe near the center of the port. It is not a hospitable place.`
	"SP-540" `The spaceport, if you can call it that, is nothing more than an approximately flat area in a mountain valley with a small research base serving as a control tower. The air outside is bitterly cold, and while the Successors do not seem to mind it as much as you, even they express discomfort at being out in the open for too long.`
	"SP-541" `The spaceport is a small one, consisting of only a few landing pads. Ships parked here appear to be mostly civilian, and the few Quarg working here seem to be confused by your presence.`
	"SP-542" `The spaceport is near the equator, where the weather will be most amenable for landing starships. In addition to vertical take-off pads, the port has airplane shuttle runways and high speed rail lines to move people and cargo from here to their ultimate destinations in the resort towns.`
	"SP-543" `	Consequently, the air is full of a confusing mixture of deep space ships and atmospheric vehicles. In order to come anywhere near the port, you are required to surrender control of your ship to the port's autopilot computer; there is no other way that collisions could be avoided.`
	"SP-544" `Surrounding the spaceport is a metropolis of skyscrapers and factories that spreads all the way to the horizon in every direction.`
	"SP-545" `	The spaceport itself is an imposing building, composed of three towers rising over a hundred stories into the air and connected at various levels by bridges. The docking bays are on the higher levels, with warehouse space lower down and loading platforms for trucks at ground level. Massive cargo elevators run up and down in the center of each building, and the hallways are all wide enough to allow small robotic carts and forklifts in addition to foot traffic.`
	"SP-546" `	Despite the Deep's importance to defeating the Alphas, Remembrance Day is seldom observed in the region. The only thing you see out of the ordinary is a milk dish on the counter of an information booth.`
	"SP-547" `Apparently, just as humans use horses to carry loads and draw carts of produce, the Wanderers use a large breed of lizard, nearly three meters tall and walking on their hind legs. The lizards are meat-eaters: next to the watering troughs are cages full of large rodents, which the Wanderers occasionally feed to their beasts.`
	"SP-548" `	Many different forms of produce are for sale here in open-air markets, including dozens of different nuts and berries. Aside from the rodents to feed to the lizards, and a few species of fish, the Wanderers do not seem to raise animals for food.`
	"SP-549" `This spaceport is as busy and chaotic as any major human trade hub, with the added complication that many of the Wanderers are flying from building to building instead of walking. Most of the buildings have balconies on every level, allowing visitors to enter from the air as well as from the streets.`
	"SP-550" `	The starship landing pads are well outside the city, and ships land and take off along very tightly controlled vectors, probably to avoid midair collisions between the ships and the Wanderers who are flying on their own wings.`
	"SP-551" `The only habitation on this moon is a Wanderer research station suspended on metal pylons well above the icy surface of the ocean. The gravity here is low enough that even though the atmosphere is thin, the Wanderers who work in the station can fly out across the ocean on their own power, wearing some sort of breathing gear. The researchers also have a fleet of submarine ships, sturdy enough to pierce through the shifting ice and travel deep below the ocean surface.`
	"SP-552" `The raft of algae that supports the spaceport is probably at least a dozen meters thick, but flexible enough that it bends as the ocean swells pass underneath, causing individual buildings to rise up or tilt slightly relative to their neighbors. The effect is subtle, but disconcerting, and you cannot help but stumble drunkenly at times as you explore the island.`
	"SP-553" `The spaceport is in a forest village near the planet's north pole. The landing pads are massive stone monoliths laid on the ground in a nearby clearing. But aside from a few large warehouses at ground level, the village itself is entirely made of tree-houses. A few mechanical lifts have been built into the sides of the trees to carry cargo up to the forest canopy where the Wanderers live, but the Wanderers themselves seem content to fly between the houses rather than using the lifts.`
	"SP-554" `The spaceport village is apparently not just a processing facility for the medicinal plants, but also a hospital of sorts. The village is designed to allow easy foot traffic as well as flight between buildings, and thousands of Wanderers, many of them appearing sick or elderly, live here. The main streets of the village are lined with vine trellises with flowers of every color imaginable, and mechanical lifts allow even the most frail Wanderers to travel up to the higher terraces and balconies.`
	"SP-555" `The Pug here all seem to be busy with various tasks, none of which make any sense to you: rushing from building to building on their long, spindly legs; playing a game involving colored stones on a hexagonal table; constructing what appears to be collaborative holographic artwork.`
	"SP-556" `	None of them speak to you, but a worker in the spaceport digs around in a closet for a while and comes up with a conversion attachment that allows your fuel tanks to be filled using their style of fuel nozzle.`
	"SP-557" `This could be a spaceport on any human farming world, except that the farmers hawking their wares have wings and beaks, and the wagons bringing produce to the market are drawn by massive lizards instead of horses. In several repair shops on the outskirts of town, Wanderer technicians work on massive harvester robots. The robots have four legs to walk on and dozens of dexterous manipulator arms for picking crops, and each arm has a camera eye on it.`
	"SP-558" `The vast majority of ships landing and taking off from this port are unmanned Wanderer drones used for mining asteroids. The drones are maneuverable enough to avoid collisions with the few ships that land under manual control.`
	"SP-559" `	The port itself is a small village surrounded by towering refineries. Unlike other Wanderer architecture, the refineries are ugly, brutal buildings made of weathered concrete.`
	"SP-560" `The spaceport is a massive shipyard, with facilities for repairing the few warships that the Wanderers possess as well as creating new ships and weapons. Dozens of battle-scarred ships are parked in the hangars here, a stark contrast to the ports in the more peaceful regions of the Wanderer territory.`
	"SP-561" `Plastics and other refined oil products are as essential to Wanderer technology as to humans, but it is clear that those responsible for harvesting them are not held in high regard. The crews of visiting ships seem eager to interact with the locals as little as possible. However, that does not appear to stop the Wanderer freighters from purchasing large shipments of plastic, which will no doubt yield a substantial profit elsewhere in Wanderer space.`
	"SP-562" `Very few Wanderer children are present in the spaceport. Most of the inhabitants still live far above the ground in the customary Wanderer tree-houses, but that portion of the village is dwarfed by the more recently constructed factories and warehouses for war supplies. A steady stream of freighters brings in new equipment and raw materials for the factories.`
	"SP-563" `Nearly all the operations of the factories here are automated, and the outside atmosphere is too thin for even the Wanderers to breathe. The workers live in dormitory apartments in a ring surrounding a large central dome. Inside the dome, protected from the elements, is a park whose gardens contain everything from towering conifers to fields of wildflowers; a necessary place of sanctuary and rest for the Wanderers who must spend the rest of their time servicing machines in the bleak environment outside the spaceport.`
	"SP-564" `It is easy to distinguish the local workers from the visitors, because the locals wrap their wings in thin white sheets of cloth rather than leaving them bare: a necessary protection for any Wanderer who chooses to fly outside of the protective shade of the spaceport. Many of the buildings here extend deep underground, to where the surrounding bedrock is cooler than the hot sands at the surface.`
	"SP-565" `Very little of the industry on Vibrant Water takes place on land. The spaceport is built on a high bluff overlooking the sea, frequently visited by barges carrying goods from the floating factories and refineries out in the midst of the algae farms. Surrounding the port are fields of wind turbines positioned to catch the ocean breeze.`
	"SP-566" `The spaceport is an enormous dome, built of the same resilient and semi-organic material as the hulls of Remnant ships. An opening at one end of the dome allows ships to fly in and out. Inside, the air is still cold, but at least you are sheltered from the violent winds that sweep across the rest of the planet's surface. Some of the locals, accustomed to the cold, walk about in their shirtsleeves as if this were a balmy summer day.`
	"SP-567" `The spaceport is so full of high-fidelity holographic displays that you have trouble at times telling where the virtual reality ends and the physical reality begins; what looks like a paper poster on the wall will suddenly change to a different picture every minute, and the department store mannequins follow you with their eyes. You feel like you are trapped in someone's drug-assisted vision of the future.`
	"SP-568" `This spaceport is a collection of ramshackle wooden buildings and packed dirt landing pads. The wagons piled high with produce and bags of grain would not look out of place in many human ports, but they are being drawn by giant lizards instead of horses or oxen. There are no human beings here, and most of the Hai eye you with suspicion and distaste.`
	"SP-569" `The spaceport is part of a city built into one of the slopes of a large mountain, with the landing pads and spaceport facilities near the peak. Saryds, Arachi, and Kimek mingle freely here and converse with the aid of interpreters or translation devices as they amble up and down the steep city streets.`
	"SP-570" `The spaceport village is built on a volcanic highland where the inhabitants do not need to worry about their houses disappearing overnight into one of the limestone sinkholes that pockmark this planet's tropics. In place of trees, the village is full of trellised arches and spires; vines grow on the trellises, and moss grows on the vines, watered by the fog that sweeps up every evening from the rainforest below.`
	"SP-571" `The spaceport is clearly the artifact of an architect who was as familiar with alien architecture as with human. Instead of square angles, it has many curved walls and domes. The landing pads jut out from the building at various heights. Some of the landing pads are designed with docking tubes specifically for Quarg visitors, and the ceilings are unusually high to accommodate the Quarg, several of whom are walking around and mingling with the humans here.`
	"SP-572" `The spaceport is on an island near one of the planet's poles, where the temperature is cool and sea ice can be gathered to stock the warehouses where the fish are kept cold until they can be shipped off-world. Even with most of the fish being kept on ice, the smell is still overpowering, except at the rare moments when the wind picks up and it is replaced by the smell of fresh salt air.`
	"SP-573" `The spaceport here is large but spartan, equipped as a midway point for convoys and warships transiting between the front lines of the war and the depths of the Tangled Shroud.`
	"SP-574" `The spaceport is in one of the main cities, and is built partly on land and partly on piers that stretch out into the harbor, so that cargo can be brought to the port by truck or by barge. There are even a few runways for aircraft, in addition to the landing pads for starships.`
	"SP-575" `	In the wharf area, fresh cooked fish and sushi are sold from a small cluster of wooden huts. Farther inland, cargo crates are stacked under the immense tents that serve as warehouses. There is a constant flow of people and cargo in between the harbor and the city.`
	"SP-576" `The spaceport is built on a large rock outcropping, with brilliant blue glaciers flowing to either side down into a lake below. The sight is stunning, and all the more appealing because you are able to view it from behind plate glass windows, in the warmth of the spaceport, rather than in the frigid air outside. Above you, several layers of clouds are scudding across the sky in different directions.`
	"SP-577" `	Faded posters on the walls advise you to buy an estate on Winter now before prices skyrocket. The posters depict children playing in a lush green landscape while their grandparents stand by, looking quietly pleased with the wisdom of their investment.`
	"SP-578" `This station is old, and some parts are dirty and in need of repair, but it is at least structurally sound, and the workers here seem optimistic and energetic. The cafeteria is loud and raucous, and the repair shop is more than willing to work on starships as a break from the tedium of repairing the harvester drones that dip into the planet's atmosphere to bring back pressurized tanks full of hydrogen gas.`
	"SP-579" `You take care to equip a respirator before exiting your ship.`
	"SP-580" `	The spaceport here is large and busy, situated on a platform suspended on poles above one of the equatorial jungles. Because of the thick atmosphere, much of the transport in and out is by air, and there is a near-constant drone of airplane and airship engines layered over the normal spaceport chatter. Several large tourist groups are moving to and fro, and while some regard you with surprise, most take no notice of you or your ship, already focused on their upcoming tour or expedition.`
	"SP-581" `To create a spaceport for Zenith, one enterprising privateer a few centuries ago used a mixture of explosives and heavy machinery to shift the top of one of the tallest mountains down into the neighboring valleys, creating a high plateau that is (usually) above the fog line. There are landing pads both for starships like yours and for airships that carry cargo to and from the settlements elsewhere on the planet. The port is nearly deserted, however; it is clear that they do not do much business here.`
	"SP-582" `	Some distance away is the "New Port," a towering structure with robotic cargo lifts and large hangars for more expensive ships. Meanwhile, plans are apparently underway for an expansion of the New Port. You can't help but wonder what the new expansion will be named.`
	"SP-583" `New Boston's shabby spaceport is as about as basic as a spaceport can be. Many of the concrete landing pads are tilted and uneven, having sunk into the muddy soil since they were poured, and you have to be careful landing on them.`
	"SP-584" `The Vi have made makeshift landing zones and outposts, such as this one, for the group of warriors they've distributed across the moon. Although their numbers are no more than that of a small village, those who are present have accomplished a considerable amount during their time on the surface while the fleets above defend them.`
	"SP-585" `The spaceport is a spacious docking assembly sheltered under broad, carapace-like structures which are arrayed around the lower decks like petals. It is designed to look impressive and still has that shiny look and freshly oiled smell of a newly minted construction, though it has only basic facilities and services.`
	"SP-586" `The spaceport of Scar's Hideout is a massive hangar dug into the core of the asteroid, accessible only by a single blast door on the ceiling. Judging by the size of the hangar, you'd guess that about a third of the entire asteroid was hollowed out for the spaceport alone.`
	"SP-587" `The spaceport is a spacious docking assembly sheltered under broad, carapace-like structures which are arrayed around the lower decks like petals. It is designed to look impressive, and still has that shiny look and freshly oiled smell of a newly minted construction, though it has only basic facilities and services.`
	"SP-588" `The spaceport is essentially a military facility. Uniformed crew members of various stripes hurry back and forth without giving you a second glance. The food options are diverse, but all have that certain trend of solidity and mass over taste that is typical of military fare. There are few shops or other services catering to civilians.`
	"SP-589" `The spaceport is essentially a military facility. Uniformed crew members of various stripes hurry back and forth without giving you a second glance. The food options are diverse, but all have that certain trend of solidity and mass over taste that is typical of military fare. Outside of outfitters, there are few shops or other services catering to civilians, and a very busy section devoted to the fighter groups that mine the asteroids here to keep the outfitters supplied with basic resources for manufacture.`
	"SP-590" `The Remnant laboratory merges oddly well with the rest of the environment, similar in color and design to the Builder structures around here. The spaceport consists only of a flat strip of regolith near the settlement, hastily cleaned of the debris that covers most of the terrain.`
	"SP-591" `The Remnant laboratory merges oddly well with the rest of the environment, similar in color and design to the Builder structures around here. The spaceport amounts to only a flat strip of regolith near the settlement, hastily cleaned of the debris that covers most of the terrain.`
	"SP-592" `Although the facilities here are basic, the Remnant cafeteria boasts a food dispenser that is available at any time, along with a mesmerizing view of the clouds outside. Occasionally a void sprite will pass in front of the window, much to the delight of everyone.`
	"SP-593" `The Remnant have set up a fully self-contained base of operations in this part of the station. Independent life support, its own power system, and controls tapping into the rest of station occupy much of the space, while a Research Laboratory and additional equipment fill up the rest. A rudimentary cafeteria, communication links, basic repair equipment, and sleeping quarters round out the amenities of this research camp.`
	"SP-594" `Delving further into the clouds, it becomes obvious that the entire planet appears to be a mix of gases, aerosols, and suspended particles. Despite this, or perhaps because of it, void sprites appear to thrive in its depths, where they can be seen dancing among energy currents reminiscent of the ion storms.`
	"SP-595" `This small settlement is populated by a roughly equal number of Korath and Wanderer settlers. Since most of them do not speak each other's language, the two groups do not mingle much, and communicate mostly via gestures and drawings. It's not much, but it's at least a start for the two species to begin learning from each other.`
	"SP-596" `The Unfettered seem to be quite at home in the tree house dwellings that the Wanderers left behind, and the Unfettered youth living here scramble up trunks and leap from tree to tree with reckless abandon, exulting in this new world they have captured and trying to outdo each other with their daredevil escapades.`
	"SP-597" `The Unfettered clearly do not know quite what to make of the Wanderer research station here that they have recently captured. Animals that were once part of various experiments are now wandering loose, and the Unfettered are making only sporadic efforts to keep them well-fed. Every once in a while one of them, driven by sheer hunger, tries to smash its way into one of the crates of military rations that the Unfettered have stacked up in the shade near the main landing pad.`
	"SP-598" `The Unfettered are using the few jump drives they have to ferry more and more of their people into Wanderer space. When each wave of ships arrives here in the spaceport, technicians carefully remove the jump drives from all but a few of them. A few well guarded jump-capable ships then carry those spare jump drives back to Unfettered space, where they are used to bring more ships and people.`
	"SP-599" `The spaceport is in a forest village near the planet's north pole. The landing pads are massive stone monoliths laid on the ground in a nearby clearing. But aside from a few large warehouses at ground level, the village itself is entirely made of tree-houses. Although they are very different from Hai architecture, the Unfettered seem to be quite at home living in the tree-houses, and have not built many of their own structures yet.`
	"SP-600" `A large number of Unfettered settlers have already arrived here and begun setting up a spaceport village, complete with markets, taverns, and military barracks. To the Unfettered, who have lived their whole lives on worlds where the local ecology is in shambles, this planet must seem like a paradise.`
	"SP-601" `The raft of algae that supports the spaceport is probably at least a dozen meters thick, but flexible enough that it bends as the ocean swells pass underneath, causing individual buildings to rise up or tilt slightly relative to their neighbors. Now that this world has been captured by the Unfettered, nearly all the buildings are empty; it appears that the Hai are not too fond of the idea of inhabiting a water world, so they are using it mostly as a military base.`
	"SP-602" `The Wanderers have hollowed out hangars and caves in the soft sandstone walls of this canyon and have begun to build a military base where they can store supplies and repair their ships while trying to decide how best to deal with the new challenges that face them in Korath space.`
	"SP-603" `	Oddly enough, they have also found enough time to plant a large garden on a terrace near the base of the canyon, where they are experimenting to find out which plant species will best grow in this arid environment. The Wanderer drive to understand and transform the local ecology is strong, indeed.`
	"SP-604" `This odd settlement was built half by the Wanderers and half by the Mereti drones. The layout of the streets is completely chaotic, and they have planted rows of trees and bushes everywhere: some inside greenhouses, and some hardier species out in the open air. The settlement is near the equator, but it is still not particularly warm.`
	"SP-605" `The spaceport is a distinct structure separate from the larger underground settlements. It has both hangar and ventilation access to the surface with a massive air processor that is the primary supply of breathable air to the population. This once allowed the city to be controlled by pirate groups despite being vastly outnumbered by those they ruled. A disused fighting ring, empty mounts for battle trophies, and bloody spikes that once held pirate victims are all still features baked into the construction. A thick access tunnel with supplementary corridors and vents leads downward from the spaceport to the main settlement. There is still extensive damage from the invasion, but the denizens are slowly cleaning it up.`
	"SP-606" `The Gegno here are much too busy to pay any attention to you, as this spaceport is part of a larger refinery site. The largest Gegno heave around big metallic containers of either processed materials or various structural parts, while the Gegno closer to your own height are working with machinery. At the far end of the spaceport you can see rugged vehicles of varying sizes leaving or entering the site along paths that branch out to several more factories in the distance.`
	"SP-607" `While the Gegno civilization on this planet is stagnant, similarly to their core worlds, their culture has significant differences. Many wear lengthy robe-like clothing, and often travel in tightly-packed groups. Others keep to themselves in a comparatively eerie silence.`
